{\rtf1\fbidis\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Garamond;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\ltrpar\fi720\sl480\slmult1\cf1\lang1033\f0\fs22 
\par 
\par 
\par "Oh, god ... I think I'm gn-gonna be sick!"
\par I tried really hard not to stare out into that inky blackness. I squeezed my eyes shut when I thought they might wander out that way, pulled them back down, and forced them to reopen on the deck. That's what the instructors said you were supposed to do. The gray, molded metal alloys stretched away beneath the heavy magnetic boots of our suits in a way that almost felt like down. Too bad we were on the underside of the training platform and a moon was hovering somewhere below us. 
\par Or above us. Whichever.
\par "Stop looking down, Mills," Kominshk's voice barged into my helmet alongside Miller's. Miller, who was busy groaning into the comm about how spacesick he was. Like any of us wanted to hear that. I looked over into his faceplate and saw he'd gone ashen white.
\par "Or up."
\par "Too late," he managed to mumble.
\par I had a headache. It'd been there since we woke up in the G-bottles earlier and hadn't gone away. Just a dull ache in the side of my head to remind me of that weird dream I'd had. Sometimes the memories stayed too. Sometimes they faded as soon as I woke up and came back later when I bolted up in my bunk, drenched in sweaty terror.
\par "Damnit, Mills, you better not puke in your suit and fuck this up," Hammar, the fourth cadet in our squad, spat back. He was Miller's rackmate, partner, and mouthpiece. He was also one of those naturally muscular cadets who thought pushups in artificial gravity were fun and the whole program was about physical toughness. I don't think Miller was actually any smarter than him, but Hammar was always the one who seemed to do all the talking when those two were together. 
\par He grabbed Miller by the back of his helmet and forced it toward his own. "Look at me!" He did. "Okay? Good. Pull your ass together because I'm not losing to that fucktard Stevens again."
\par "You ladies ready over there," someone abruptly chimed in over the general frequency. It was Stevens, as if on queue, all the way from across the platform. The four of us looked over there and he gave a wave from atop one of the bulges in the terrain at us. They were meant to simulate an actual ship's hull, but I hadn't bothered looking at enough up close to see if they were really accurate or not.
\par "Fuck that guy," Hammar grunted on our frequency, and I really wished he'd just stop talking. "Seriously." His voice was rough and loud and I was having a hard time taking it right now.
\par Kominshk ignored him. "Drone check." She was tapping her faceplate so we all could see, playing squad leader for the exercise. Which meant she was all business as usual. Morisant liked that about her and she was good at it so I tried hard to convince her not to make me do it when we went out to the field. She was also my rackmate, which was good when we got treated like a team -- bad, when it reminded the lieutenant of how much better at this than me she was.
\par "Check."
\par "Check."
\par "Check," I added last with a glance at my own HUD. The drones were in hibernation mode, safely collapsed down and attached to the support unit on my back with the rest of my suit's air, power, and survival supplies. Not that any of us really expected to spend more than a few hours in those things ever. Zero-G combat had already started going out of style with the new ablative ship armors, but curriculum hadn't caught up yet.
\par "Cadet Kominshk," Morisant's voice came in on all our comms, and I winced reflexively. He was ten times worse than Hammar and would cared even less about a cadet with a headache.
\par "Sir?"
\par "Is your squad just going to sit there on my deck all day, or are you actually going to take an objective sometime soon?"
\par "Aye, sir," she replied smartly. Another reason I got her to take my place when I could. I couldn't ever sound so sure of myself when the lieutenant was barking in my ears. I wondered sometimes if I ever would. Graduates did.
\par "Well get moving then. I don't need eight cadets dead from asphyxiation floating around in space today."
\par "Aye, aye, sir."
\par Hammar glanced over at Kominshk. "Plan of attack again?"
\par "We went over this already," she answered, and I could tell she was trying not to sound frustrated. "It's simple. Encounter, set down base of fire, and flank. Weren't you listening to my briefing?"
\par "Sure. Oh, what the fuck ever. I'd give more of a shit if it were the real thing. Besides, you think Stevens can't counter something that basic?" He gave her a hard look. "We should be, like, throwing the Canterwall Maneuver at him, or something."
\par "That's for advance courses," Kominshk stated flatly. "And you're supposed to be treating this like the real thing."
\par "So?"
\par "So, I'm not risking something that complicated with you in my squad." 
\par "And just what the fuck is that supposed to mean?"
\par "It means a flanking maneuver is probably \i already \i0 too hard for you to pull off."
\par That was her polite way of putting it. 
\par He'd gotten up in her face -- as much as you could while stuffed inside a suit magnetically sealed to a floating hunk of metal out in space. Komi didn't seem the least bit fazed by it, though. She wouldn't have been. She just stood there and stared all six-and-a-half feet of Hammar down like he was just some boot.
\par God ... why couldn't I just do that when I needed to?
\par But what Kominshk really didn't say was that most of us didn't even know what that was. I think she did, but I sure as hell didn't. Maybe Miller did. Maybe I was the only one who couldn't pull it off. But she didn't say that because Hammar would've gotten off on her admitting something like that. She just held fast.
\par "Whatever," Hammer finally backed off. "Fucking fine. You ready, Mills?" he slapped Miller on the back of his suit. 
\par "Yeah ..." he gagged a little, but seemed like he was getting it under control. "I heard the briefing."
\par "You'll get extra points for that," the bigger man laughed.
\par I wanted to snap something at Hammar about yelling into the comms and shutting the hell up, but I didn't. My head could only take so much and I was holding out for the exercise. And I didn't have Komi's steel. I just growled inside my helmet instead and left the comm open, hoping he might get the drift. Probably not.
\par "Form up. Hammar, you can have point this time." Kominshk tapped his helmet with her hand. "Remember -- wedge, pin, we pivot. Got it?"
\par "Yeah, I got it. We better fucking win."
\par "I'll take inside flank," Miller said, and hopped over toward the left.
\par "You're on the outside then, Weir. You and me'll flank."
\par "What?" 
\par "Let's go. Move!" 
\par She didn't even look at me. Just started hopping over across the deck to Hammar's right. The outside was the position that was supposed to swing wide and roll up the enemy flank, which felt way too easy to screw up. My head just started throbbing that much more.
\par Well ... shit.
\par "Weir, get over here."
\par "Okay ... Moving."
\par "Ready?" Kominshk checked over each of us real quick once I was in position on her right. She gave me her usual playing-commander's stare that was supposed to inspire confidence or something, but it didn't work on me. I tried to smile back encouragingly in spite of myself but it came out as a grimace. Even so, everything was green.
\par "Deploy drones."
\par "Deploying drones," chimed over the squad comm frequency in three other voices and a bunch of metal shards broke away from each of us into space like old rockets shedding tanks. They drifted a few meters out, got some room, and then opened up into whirring tools of death-by-firebolt. It was just a good thing they were only loaded with pulse charges for field exercises. Not that the instructors hadn't made damn sure the whole unit saw what live rounds could do to human flesh -- even through a suit. \i Especially\i0  through a suit.
\par "Drones deployed."
\par "Systems check," Komi ordered. Again, they were all green. "Alright, move out." Still, no worry in her voice. Like she was beyond failing miserably at any of this, which ... I guess she kind of was at this point in the year.
\par Hammar grabbed one of his nav drones while another floated in behind, the other four spreading out around him. Then he was moving, shooting forward above the deck with his maglocks off. Kominshk and Miller took off after him. I was last, grabbing a hold of one of my own nav drones. I almost didn't release maglocks from the deck, what with that split-second fear of malfunction, missing the drone, and floating off into space forever. Which was a stupid boot thing to worry about. There were failsafes. 
\par "You good, Hammar?" Komi's voice came over as we glided over the terrain. Hammar was out in front. It only took us a few dozen meters to enter play. Then the enemy squad could have been hiding anywhere among those depressions in the deck. The thought had an anxious bead of sweat rolling down the side of my face inside that climate-controlled suit.
\par "Yeah. No sight of Stevens' squad yet."
\par "Just don't do anything stupid."
\par "Yeah, whatev- FUCK!"
\par The nav drone that had been towing Hammar took a pulse round and died, the carcass sent spinning off lifelessly into space. Unfortunately, that sent him spinning off with it.
\par "Contact ahead, fifty meters! Bunker down, Hammar!" Komi was already barking off orders before the rest of us even hit the deck again. "Mills, get up and cover him!"
\par "Moving!"
\par And that was it. It all kind of started in a lazy rush it seemed like to me. The other three switched on like drones and were suddenly in kill mode, yelling and doing mechanical things like we'd been taught. It left me wondering how I didn't suddenly take a stray round during that slow eternity it took me to drop back down to the deck. That would be my luck. Sometimes I kind of felt like someone had just left my killer instinct turned off.
\par Miller flew forward on Hammar's left while pulse fire lit up the black around them. His second nav drone got a hold of him while his other drones laid down suppressing fire and jammed the hostile drones from target-locking. Hammar finally plummeted back to the deck and went prone, somehow without getting shot.
\par "Shit -- that was close!"
\par "Move up, Weir!"
\par I guess I'd been just staring and not doing much of anything, and those seconds could have meant anything in a real fight. I hopped from the deck and adrenaline finally began to hit. My headache started to subside a little and I glided forward while Kominshk covered, then followed. Mills joined Hammar to lay down more covering fire up ahead. You couldn't hear any of those rounds -- just silent bolts of simulated death flying through space -- but everyone was yelling something into their comm. Position, status, action. I still had to take a second to squeeze the side of my head through the faceplate against it.
\par "I've got four drones down," Hammer growled over the comm, breathing heavy. "My navs are gone. I'm stuck!"
\par "Just lock yourself to the deck and cover Mills when he moves up. Weir, go! I'm covering."
\par Pulse rounds were flying at Mills and Hammar from up ahead. Kominshk was directing her drones to fire down toward the enemy position with them. I could see them pop up to shoot and then back down in rapid mechanized motions like assault-weapon-toting pistons. It was that you couldn't hear any of all of it that made them so dangerous out here in space. The thought of it had always kind of creeped me out a bit too.
\par I looked over at her, not hearing at first. A second later, and the memory of what she'd said caught up with me but she was already yelling it again.
\par "Weir, \i go\i0 !"
\par I didn't think about it. Like when Morisant yelled something at me from behind. I just bounced up and sent all of my drones flying forward in a rush for what I hoped was the enemy squad's flank. They didn't even notice me at first. All that enemy fire was whipping down at Mills and Hammar. I got a few seconds into the rush and actually started to think I was going to make it.
\par Until my nav drone felt like it flipped over and someone kicked me right in the side of the head.
\par "WEIR!"
\par The deck was spinning. For the longest time, I figured I'd been shot and thought that was best. It was over before it even started. And now I could just sit here and wait for the them to clear the field and gather up all the downed drones and cadets.
\par Then I realized Komi was screaming in my ear.
\par My drones had gone wide without me to tell them not to. The last command I'd given was for the rush and that's what they'd done. While I'd flipped completely out with it feeling like a firebolt had burrowed right into my brain.
\par I tried to touch the side of my throbbing head through the helmet. It was a dull pain. And I was way past enemy lines, just staring out at deep space. It made my head hurt even more.
\par I tried to turn around, but my drones all seemed to die off at the same time. I was out of bounds for the exercise and my HUD had been flashing a warning.
\par MIA.
\par My maglocks reactivated and cemented me to the deck. I was teetering at the edge of the map and that made me dizzy. Nothing but barren rock planetoid rolling below me and deep space beyond. I must have waited there for a full minute not really listening to what my squad was saying before Morisant finally came on over my comm.
\par "Exercise over. Bring it in, cadets."
\par I blinked at the squads' vitals on the inside of my faceplate and saw that all three of us were down, Miller and Hammar with KIA flashing over their readouts. Only Komi was still up.
\par "Did you make it? Did we win?" Hammar wheezed into my ear. KIA meant he'd taken pulse fire like a taser to wherever he'd been hit.
\par "Yeah," Komi said, and that was all she said. The comm filled up with her haggard breathing before she cut out. Somehow, she'd managed to pull it off all by herself. Without me.
\par But that made too much sense.
\par Eventually, I heard her manage to get out, "You okay, Weir?"
\par I didn't have the heart to even answer her.\cf2\f1 
\par }
