{\rtf1\fbidis\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Garamond;}{\f1\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\fi720\sl480\slmult1\cf1\f0\fs22 
\par 
\par 
\par A few hours took us back to that old warhorse carrier ship that they'd retrofitted as a mobile base for training Psychos. That's what they called us -- what we were training to be. Psychos. Psychotroopers. Psychic soldiers. PKs. Everyone took pride in it for some reason even though it just made us all sound like wannabe homicidal lunatics.
\par The \i Soyorov\i0  was huge. A few kilometers long, huge. Some of the newer ships were supposed to be bigger, but this one was ours. It was ugly, desolate, and sharpened like a big gray, lumpy shard of rock from the outside. It reminded me of a broken-off speartip for some reason, and it also made me think of ghosts. The way the ports glowed dimly out into the black had always been a bit creepy when you looked at it from the outside. I could still remember that dread and overwhelming sense of being utterly alone -- awash in the unknown as the shadow of it came down on our shuttle full of cadets when they shipped first us in. Just a bunch of dumb kids that hadn't yet started to realize what they had really gotten themselves into until that moment. The petty officer who'd flown us in had. He'd been smiling to himself in his flightmask while the grizzled-looking sergeant shepherding us from the front just shook his head. It had been the most intimidating thing I had ever seen in my life.
\par But the \i Soyorov\i0  was also special. Special, because it hosted the Dreggoran Academy for Applied Psychokinetics around the sector. "Applied" meaning military -- because everything Dreggoran had to do with the fleets in some way -- and "academy" being the polite word for a meatgrinder that was supposed to turn out the best psychic warriors in our part of the solar system. That's what they said, and said, and said until it was drilled so deep into our heads that most of us actually believed it. That we were God's gift to the Five Fleets and all those normal officers and grunts who served in them. The pinnacle of human evolution, if you believed in that sort of thing. At least, the ones who survived and graduated were. Too bad I was pretty sure I wasn't going to be one of them.
\par "Evelyn Weir ..." 
\par A man in fresh utilities drawled at me as he glanced over a holographic readout in his palm with an appraising look. It probably held my personal file on it - along with Lieutenant Morisant's latest write-up. "Can't say I'm surprised to see you back in medical again," he finished without looking up. He hummed to himself thoughtfully a bit and chewed at a fingernail on his left hand before he was done reading.
\par "What is it this time, cadet?" he asked. I opened my mouth, but he didn't wait for an answer. "No, let me guess." His eyes finally flicked back up and he shoved his wrists under his armpits. The readout vanished into an iridiscent glow before dying altogether. "Headaches again."
\par The ship had a full complement of personnel like Chief Petty Officer Holloway -- crew, instructors, and us lucky cadets. It was a floating community in Dreggoran space, and it was never quiet except for here in medical during the night. It seemed like I always ended up here late at night. That quiet and distance from the training decks made it almost a kind of sanctuary for me, where the instructors couldn't get me and I was protected as long as I was inside. But it was still a military ship, and Holloway still a serviceman. And they would kick me out on my ass if I didn't have a good reason for being there. Too bad I wasn't a better liar.
\par "\i Severe\i0  headaches," I corrected him. The way he arched that thick brow at me made me think he might have finally started to agree with Morisant that maybe my symptoms were just manufactured to get me out of there for a while. Sometimes I wasn't sure that they weren't.
\par I'd gotten permission and reported to the infirmary almost as soon as we were back from the field. No transit in G-bottles this time, thank God. Those aftershocks from the dream had stuck around until they did their damage and then ran away again, but I wasn't in a hurry to get them back. Something about the stasis sleep from the pods seemed to do it most of the time.
\par Komi had picked up the victory without me. Or Hammar. Or even Miller. Stevens' squad had taken those two down quick with a surprise ambush maneuver, apparently, and I'd been too far gone for anyone to have to bother with me. Somehow, Komi had managed to take out most of their squad all by herself and the objective too. It hurt that I hadn't been part of it. It hurt that I felt like I'd abandoned her out there, even if it hadn't really been my fault. But that was just another excuse.
\par Morisant had been impressed -- with Kominshk, of course. You could tell by that tone in his voice during debriefing. Really impressed. He had most of the unit picking the recording of it apart and seeing what we had done right now in a training room a few decks down. It's why I'd gotten the hell out of there so fast. I tried not to think about how stupid I'd look up on that screen, flying away into space like I'd just panicked in the middle of a training exercise -- an exercise for Christ's sake! I tried not to think about how Morisant would be pointing that out to everyone in excruciating detail even though they'd have all already figured it out by themselves.
\par At least Hammar and Mills had gone down fighting.
\par "I don't have to remind you how headaches are just one of the possible effects of mild grav-sickness, do I, cadet?" I shook my head, and he scratched at his. "I didn't think so. We'll still have a look, though, so you can stay out of the squad bay a little longer -- don't worry."
\par I was sitting on the edge of one of the examination tables now, still in my sweat-stained fatigues and stinking from the field suit. Holloway was the only one on duty so late -- the only one breathing, anyways. A few medical drones were out and about doing other tasks. One of them was calibrating the bio-scanners for the chief to get a current read on me.
\par "Why don't you lie down, cadet."
\par I did, and sighed out loud -- which I would never have dared do below decks. The medical staff weren't like the instructors. They tolerated cadets without berating them most of the time. But I knew it wasn't just grav-sickness. That was what they called it when all those G-forces during transit did anything funny to your system. Usually nausea, dizziness -- \i headaches\i0  -- but not like this. I'd seen other cadets get it. And they didn't have waking nightmares in the tubes first.
\par The bio-scanners pulsed over me and I swore I could feel it like a stinging sensation in the back of my head. But I was wrong. You weren't supposed to feel them. It was just that dull, electronic ringing in my ears, and that in itself was pretty common.
\par The chief pushed a finger to his temple while he watched the scanners finish. "DYNAMO, bring me some hydrapromolzine in here, please." He said aloud to the air without looking up.
\par "It's \i not\i0  grav-sickness, Chief," I tried to tell him like I had so many times before. Hydrapromolzine was the stuff they usually gave you to treat minor symptoms for it. Grav-sickness was common enough that you could get it almost anywhere. But, more importantly, it never did a damn thing for me or my headaches. 
\par He just smiled back.
\par "Ah, here we go," he said as soon as the scan popped up another holographic image. This time it came from the terminal beside the table I was lying on and it was an inside view of my head. "Let's just take another look here, shall we?"
\par I know he didn't actually mean that we would look at it together, but I winced and glanced away just the same. There was something weird and unsettling about looking at my own brain up there on the imager. But I wasn't a doctor, so I didn't really have to anyways.
\par He poked around for a little while, twisting the hologram around to get closer looks here and there. I could see him out of the corner of my eye and I tried not to imagine like I could feel those fingers prodding along on the underside of my skull. "How's the training coming along," he asked idly as he did. "Just a few more weeks until leave now, right?"
\par He probably already knew the answer, but I told him yes anyways. I'd been through this a few times before from other episodes. He was just trying to get a look at how my brain lit up when I thought about certain things.
\par The first questions were always basic and ranged from questions about training and our instructors to back home at Riftwatch and friends and family. It was mostly so he could create a baseline to move on from if there was anything seriously wrong with me. They had data from our introduction to the program to compare my current readouts too and also from the last couple times I'd found myself in sickbay. They checked our heads so much it almost worried me sometimes.
\par Eventually he got around to the harder stuff. The stuff I'd been dreading more and more the closer we came to the end of those questions.
\par "I'd like you to take a look at this," he said, holding out a sterile tray with one of those black, rounded stones just like we used in PK training sessions. "Concentrate on it for a few seconds. Get it in your head."
\par He went through the motions even though we'd done this before and I had to do it in training sessions every week. I think he thought it would help. 
\par "Now," he started again, this time looking back over at the holo image of my head, "I want you to try and move it. If you can."
\par He meant without touching it, of course. But he didn't have to say that. We all knew it. It was what we were here for. It was what we were supposed to learn how to do.
\par Too bad I was the only one who couldn't.
\par I held a hand out, but I didn't touch the stone. It was a coping mechanism -- something to bridge the gap between physically moving an object and doing it psychokinetically. I stretched my hand out toward that stone and stared at it. Hard. I concentrated as hard as I could on moving it. I imagined it moving. I \i saw\i0  it moving inside my head that was now on full display for Chief Holloway. I cleared my mind like they'd taught us and focused on moving that little hunk of rock with it.
\par It didn't even wiggle in place.
\par He didn't embarass me by making me sit there and do nothing but try to move that thing with my mind for hours on end like the instructors would, sometimes berating us and getting in our faces to strain our concentration. I actually got \i normal \i0 headaches from those kinds of sessions. He only had me do it for about a minute. But I tried for that minute. I tried really, really hard. And I was really, really disappointed when he finally said that that was good enough and I could stop.
\par It wasn't good enough. It was so far from good enough that it wasn't even funny.
\par I'm not sure what I had thought might be different this time.
\par I don't know. I guess I kept kind of hoping I'd have a freak breakthrough here away from all that stress and the other cadets like some holovid moment or something. Too bad you didn't get to be the hero or a prodigy in real life like that. They made you start to believe in the back of your head that it could happen. That it was just a matter of time.
\par They shattered those sorts of dreams pretty quick for fresh cadets. You weren't special. Graduates ... maybe. As a cadet you were just a step up from dirt, and you had to prove it. Always.
\par I hadn't yet.
\par Holloway pushed a heavy breath out through his teeth. He hadn't see anything off with my brain, that was for sure. I could read that easily enough in his face from where I was lying on the bed.
\par "The Haakon's area looks good. Growth normal ..." he leaned over to get another quick look at the display "... for the time period." Then he activated the palm holo again and read for a second with his mouth half open. "... but no psychokinetic development yet?"
\par He framed it like a question, though he'd gotten his answer already. It felt like admitting I had brain damage to have to say it out loud myself.
\par "Not ..."
\par I choked on saying "yet". And it never got out.
\par "Uh huh."
\par He was quiet while he marked things off for his records with the ginger tips of his fingers against that palm holo for a little while. Then he looked at me again.
\par "Some cadets have complications during growth," he explained -- clinically, now. "Manipulating neural tissue without causing damage is very delicate work."
\par "I-I know."
\par "The nanos take several months to finish the job. Yours had already moved back into your blood stream and deactivated by the time you first came in here with complaints." He paused, studying me a bit. "Do you remember having any\i  \i0 problems before then? Anything new to report? Anything at all."
\par My mouth bobbed open. I had to swallow before I could speak. 
\par "No. I think. I guess. I don't know." I shook my head.
\par "What's that, cadet?"
\par "I said I don't really know."
\par "Hm. Well, I still don't think that's it then. Just checking. Probably nothing.
\par "Well," he sighed, and leaned back over toward the holo image. "Your scans didn't show anything. So, you can get up out of that- woah, wait a minute ..."
\par He'd been about to turn away from the cross-section of my brain when something caught his eye. He snapped back around and promptly forgot about the cadet lying on his examination table.
\par I almost jumped right out of it.
\par "What? What is it? Did you see something?"
\par He frowned, tapping a few holographic buttons in mid-air. That spinning image of the inside of my skull blew up in front of him even bigger. I didn't want to look at it, but I couldn't look away. I wasn't a doctor, but I wanted to see something there. I don't know why.
\par He grabbed it with both hands before panning it around. A whole bunch of synapses were firing, but I realized that was just because of me. Excitement. 
\par "I thought I saw something," he finally said, still distracted with it. Then started shaking his head. "Maybe a spot of interference in the scanners. Looks fine now."
\par Those lights started to dull and flicker and reappear elsewhere. Disappointment. Desperation.
\par "What did it look like? Are you sure?" 
\par I pushed my way up from the table and the live view of my head flickered and froze abruptly in his hands. The chief sighed and gave me a look.
\par "Not anymore I'm not."
\par "Oh."
\par Dejection.
\par I don't know. I guess I just wanted there to be some sort of explanation. Something other than the thing that terrified me most. That I was just a ... normal.
\par It didn't help that they kept drilling into your head from the moment you got there how much better than regular soldiers Psychos were supposed to be.
\par "I'll have one of the bots take a look at it later and see if I missed anything," he offered. It was a little sympathetic. 
\par "Thanks. Chief."
\par Rovers sounded on the floor close by and I whipped back around to see a robotic med-tech rolling up. A little arm extended toward the chief, and Holloway snatched an applicator from it.
\par "What took you so long?" he asked absently without really expecting an answer. Med-tech bots didn't talk. He just checked the calibration on that shot and turned towards me on the table. 
\par "This will help alleviate the symptoms. Reactions to transit pressures are more common for some, despite the pods. Especially on drops."
\par "It's not grav-sickness," I repeated, sagging back down against the table and looking away.
\par "Well, I'm goign to authorize a minute dose of nanos in this to help with that since this is the fifth time you've been in here about it. They'll rewire you to be a bit more resistant over time."
\par I heard that and I looked at him sharply. "Nanos?" I demanded, and he nodded, moving to stick me with the applicator.
\par "Hold still."
\par "No ... please, Chief," I almost pleaded. I pulled my arm back out of his reach, shaking my head. "I don't need anymore nanos yet."
\par "Humor me."
\par "No." 
\par I remembered the last time they'd given me a shot with nanos -- those infinitesimal robots than went inside you and started changing things. Kind of like a virus, they always said, but helping rather than destroying. Some people didn't care. \i I\i0  cared. There was something profoundingly unsettling about the idea of it -- about the thought of those little things working away inside to make you different. The dose they gave every cadet to develop the part of the temporal lobe that made the difference between psychokinetics and normals had been terrifying. And mandatory. If it hadn't meant getting rejected from the program up front, I wouldn't have taken it. If it hadn't been for dad ... I probably still wouldn't have taken it. It was one of the most frightening things I'd ever had to sit through.
\par Sometimes I had nightmares about them having changed me in ways I wouldn't even ever know.
\par "You know these are mandatory for all advanced training, right?"
\par I nodded.
\par "You are going to have some real problems when you graduate if you have this much trouble with nanos now."
\par "I-I know."
\par \i If \i0 I graduated.
\par "Just think of it like ... practice," he offered good-naturedly. More so than I liked. They didn't bother him, and he didn't think they should have bothered me. Why not? They were expensive and command didn't like to waste them on anyone who wasn't worth augmenting in some way. That was why they waited until you made it to the advanced courses to start with the heavy doses.
\par He kept that doctor's chiding look up on me long enough to wear down my resolve. There was only so long you could go with everyone telling you how you were scared of nothing. I held out my arm and looked away.
\par I felt a pressure against the vein. I didn't like to look. Too many applications and I started to get lightheaded. Something about things getting in my blood always freaked me out. Especially with the thought of those nanos. Not the blood coming out, though, like you'd think -- I'd bled during training plenty of times. Just ... things going in.
\par "Well," the chief said with one of those that-wasn't-so-bad-now-was-it grins for his patient. "That's it. Just let them do their work over the next few days and try not to worry about it."
\par He stood up to a whirr of biomechanisms from his artificial leg -- something he must have picked up in the last skirmishes with the New Terrans years ago. Even through his service trousers, you still knew it was there by the sound of it. The newer models weren't supposed to be quite so loud.
\par "I hate to say it but," he started anew, " it's back to the squad bay, cadet. I'd say see you next time, but those nanos should do the trick. And good luck convincing Lieutenant Morisant to let a cadet wander without a good reason."
\par Yeah.\cf2\f1 
\par }
