{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Garamond;}{\f1\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\fi720\sl480\slmult1\cf1\f0\fs22 
\par 
\par My arm was buzzing.
\par I tried to open my eyes but for a second it felt like they belong to someone else. The effort came over a great distance, like trying to lift something heavy with my arms stretched out all the way instead of close to my body. There was the doubling sensation of both pulling and pushing at the same time, and I could have sworn I was two different people at the same, exact time. Then everything settled back into place.
\par My eyes were already open, so I'm not sure what I'd been trying to do. I must have been sitting there, staring blankly like a corpse. Still, I blinked because my vision suddenly reconnected with my brain. There was a rapid draining of light like the aftermath of a bright flash, and the sense of sound and energy evaporating all around me.
\par I shifted and realized for the first time that my body was lying back against the bulkhead at a bad angle. I was sideways, like I'd fallen down somehow. 
\par \i Pushed.
\par \i0 I'd been pushed. That certainty came out of nowhere, but I was sure of it. Why hadn't anyone noticed me just lying there? Where was everyone?
\par Something else came with that original thought, stabbing through the others with a dark insistence that felt almost alien.
\par \i He\i0  killed\i  her\i0 .
\par There was so much anger and sadness around it that it made me naseous. Or maybe that was just me. My consciousness reeled back away but the thought vanished long before it could overwhelm me.
\par The rest of my body was stiff. For a second, I had the paralyzing shock of fear that it might \i not\i0  move. I flexed one mostly-limp hand and its fingers against the floor, though, and they seemed fine. They'd just fallen asleep with the way I had tumbled onto that arm. The rest of me responded too, when I tried to crawl over out of that spot against the wall.
\par I tried to remember what had happened, but couldn't. My head hurt, so I was pretty sure I'd hit it going down. Or maybe someone else had? I tried to focus on the room on top of the floor I was sprawled out on and everything swam. I shook my head but that just made me want to throw up again. The room started to unblur and reform into actual things without my help.
\par My arm was still buzzing. Hadn't it stopped already? I don't know. It was annoying.
\par I crawled a few centimeters more away from the wall and tried to get up, but fell flat. It wasn't just my head, I realized -- \i everything\i0  hurt. In a weird way. It wasn't like normal pain. It was more like that stuff they warned us about strong telepaths who could lash out at you psychically, lighting up the pain parts of your brain and making you feel anything they wanted you to. They were a kind of boogymen of neophyte Pyschos and trainees.
\par \i Psychos and trainees \i0 ...?
\par My eyes squeezed shut into another wince. It hurt to think too hard. Jumbled memories came bubbling up and around inside my head. Not the ones I wanted -- the ones for that \i word\i0 . Pyschos.
\par I remembered the training. The Academy. I was flunking-out cadet Evelyn Weir, not Sergeant Brennan. And I'd come home.
\par Commander Delacroix. The pirate attack. Mills. Riftwatch, and Tess.
\par Riftwatch. \i Home\i0 . Was that where I was now?
\par Tess! What had happened to Tess?!
\par I finally got up onto my feet -- and immediately toppled over again. My head spun and I had to lay there for a minute waiting for it to stop.
\par There was something in front of me. A \i big\i0  something. A big \i wrecked\i0  something. I gradually got my head back up from the floor to see what it was and found an exploded half-cylinder of metal standing crookedly above me. It was awash in the shadows of a dull, red light that made it hard to see. There had been more. I bobbed my head carefully around and saw black shapes against red that must've been the ruined pieces of it all over the room. It was one of those stock labs they had so many of in the Riftwatch facilities, I think. Dad had never shown me his, but Tess and I had managed to get a look -- and she'd worked out a few more on her own. They all pretty much looked the same. Except the normally scrubbed, alabaster walls of this one had been painted blackish red with smudges of metal ash and liquid plasma scorching.
\par There'd been an explosion.
\par I panicked. That realization hit me and I panicked. 
\par I tried moving again. My hands were shaky, and uncoordinated, and I felt all over to see where I'd been blown up or hit and found ... 
\par Nothing. My head was still sluggish and my whole body was weak and unsteady but -- I felt nothing missing. No holes. No broken bones. Maybe some bruises, but ...
\par Nothing.
\par \i What happened?\i0 
\par I'd managed to get back up to my knees and slump there, trying to make sense of the mess in front of me. Some trained instinct told me the order of things -- take cover, assess the situation, plan of attack, attack. Fire and move. Fire and move -- repeat until situation resolved.
\par There was no cover, or anyone to take cover from ... I didn't think. Which was probaly good because I'd been terrible at plans of attack under fire. It was something to work with, though. I glanced around again, taking in all the marks of an explosion -- the carbon scoring, the ruptured machinery, the scattered and broken tools -- and could marvel at the fact that I was somehow here and untouched. The lab was \i wrecked\i0 . Some equipment malfunction, maybe. They had reinforced bulkheads lining these labs, so whatever explosion hadn't made it beyond the room.
\par Or had it.
\par I saw the lab entrance -- doors blown right out of their rails. No, that wasn't quite right. I stared at it for a few seconds longer and realized that they'd been \i melted\i0 . Wilting, like dead flowers partway back into their recesses. Whatever that machine in the middle of the room had been, I was pretty sure it was the thing that had exploded. 
\par The room was strangely dark too. That blandly red glow was the backup lighting buzzing at the corners of the lab. A power surge? That might explain the explosion, but ...
\par How often did shenlizite power cells even \i do \i0 that? The whole station was built on top of them and they couldn't \i surge\i0 . That was part of the whole point -- what any engineer you talked to said, usually with some condescending attitude like you just didn't understand the complexities. Well, maybe I didn't. But those fuel cells were suppsoed to be the most stable thing in the system. Probably the \i only\i0  stable thing.
\par Plan of attack?
\par I had to get out of here -- why I was even \i here\i0  in the first place, I didn't know. My head was entirely fuzzy. The last memory I could snatch out of the mess was of me meeting Tess on the station and then going home to drop off my few things. That was it. The doors opened and ... \i blank\i0 . Totally blank after that.
\par Well, no. Maybe not. There was a ghost of something -- something else, but ...
\par It was just out of reach. And my head started to hurt again, just trying to think towards it.
\par My legs worked at least. They finally got me up with some help. I glanced around the lab again, but there was nothing for me here. I had to find Dad. I had to find Tess. \i Someone\i0 . Something was really, really wrong with me.
\par I stumbled my way to the doors and stopped, staring at them. That wilted and warped metal. No power there either, lying half-open and broken. They looked like the dead bones of some machine. On impulse, I reached out a hand to touch one melted edge and-
\par \i There was suddenly a hand sheathed in combat meshweave on the door instead. Except it wasn't my door. It was someone else's -- somewhere where the dark tried to swallow the dull red emergency lighting, flickering like a dying heart bleeding out into the black. A man grunted through my mouth and pushed the door open. He staggered inside and-\i0 
\par I froze in place, shivering all over a second later. It was a delayed reaction that crept up in crescendo across my whole body and it took me a few seconds to be sure I wasn't somewhere else and some\i one\i0  else entirely. I looked down but my hands were naked. My clothing too. I was wearing a snug civvie coat and jeans I could recognize from my wardrobe left behind from before I went off to the Academy. Not combat fatigues or meshweave armor. They were mine, even though I couldn't remember even changing into them.
\par But there was a weird ... \i staleness\i0  ... about them, though. I wasn't quite sure how else to describe it. Like they had been sitting out unused for months before I had put them on. I guess I'd just been too tired to bother cleaning or freshening them up before hopping out of my tank suit. But that was beyond the memories I could see so I must have made it that far before I blacked out and got here at least.
\par Blacked out. I hadn't been drinking with Tess. Had I?
\par I could see it now. Some huge joke on me on my first day back home. Oh, she could do it too. She was smart, and clever, and just \i loooved \i0 to play a prank on me whenever she got the chance. I was one of the lucky ones that she had a hard time making a victim out of. I knew her far, far too well.
\par But the lights. The \i explosion\i0 . Waking up here?
\par Could Tess do that? Maybe.
\par Why?
\par I don't know. 
\par It started to make less and less sense the more I thought about it. 
\par My arm buzzed again. It had been doing that the whole time, I think. I glanced down at it and realized why. My comm looked completely fried. The holoreceiver had a big ugly gash right through it and only backup warning lights glowed along the edge, looking like they were dying already too.
\par I had to find someone.
\par The corridor ahead was dark, the red emergency lighting giving it an unhealthy, haunted glow. It was hard to step out into that ominously forbidding landscape, and I just stared at it for a while, my shaky mind spacing about it. I had to pull myself back. The stillness was almost terrifying. Everything just looked ... \i dead\i0 , from here. I'd never seen the station look like this before.
\par My breath was misting. I realized it was cold -- which made sense since the environmental controls must have been as dead as everything else I could see out there. It felt like a tomb.
\par I was scared to go out there, but what the hell was so safe about being in here instead? I glanced back over my shoulder at the empty room behind. It was the empty space outside -- \i anything\i0  could've been lurking in the dark down those corridors. But how did I know there wasn't something hiding in the room? Well, it was too quiet and still, mostly, but ... I didn't know. Moving was better. Right. Just keep moving. Fire and move.
\par And that got me out of that exploded little lab I'd woken up in without even knowing why. 
\par It's just too bad I didn't have a gun to fire first.
\par Another sterile corridor bisected the one leading away from my lab. Or whosever it was. There were more labs falling away along that length and would be ahead, all laid out in a gridwork that sprawled across this level of the station. If I was still even there. I had to be, right? I guess it was hard to tell because I had never seen it so dark and dead like this before in my life.
\par That tank-dream from back on the frigate suddenly flashed in my head. It made me shiver all over there for a second in the blood-drenched black.
\par \i Christ -- get it together\i0 . \i It wasn't real. It \i0 wasn't.\i  Just keep moving\i0 .
\par I took a deep breath.
\par Just gotta keep moving.
\par I walked ahead, and those heavier combat boots I'd brought back from training clomped so loudly on the deck that I stopped. It was dead quiet up here too, I realized. And I had to creep along in painfully slow motion to get to the next lab without making all that noise. 
\par I wasn't sure what I would find, but the corridor landscape didn't change much in the dark. The emergency lights were strong enough to keep complete blindness at bay, but they weren't built with shenlizite fuel cells. I'm not even sure \i what\i0  made them keep going inside. They were just there for catastrophic power failures.
\par Is that what had happened? Some kind of catastrophic power failure?
\par Maybe it was just this level. Where was everyone then? Evacuated? What about me? Did they just ... \i forget\i0 ?
\par Okay, calm down.
\par I managed to get to the next lab without tripping over myself in the almost complete dark, but it was closed and locked. I couldn't even see inside since the external visualizers were all dead except for a "Please contact system administrator" in dull, red letters that showed up when I tried to turn them back on. I picked up the pace with less worry over the sound of my footsteps bouncing along the corridor walls and tried another lab. Same thing. The next too. And the next one after that.
\par I'd started jogging, not caring because I'd started to panic again. 
\par This wasn't good. Things weren't supposed to be like this. How could this entire level just go dark? And why the hell did they just \i leave\i0  me there in the middle of it?!
\par "Not that way."
\par I stopped, and spun around.
\par "Hello?"
\par That dream flashed in my head again where I should have been quiet. This looked like that. This \i felt\i0  like that. But that voice hadn't been mine.
\par "Hello?"
\par I started backtracking down the corridor, my skin prickling up with cold dread at the back of my neck. Someone was here. Someone was following me in the dark.
\par I stepped in something.
\par There was a soft squelch of some liquid. I stopped and glanced down reflexively, but couldn't really make much out in the dark. It was barely more than skimming the surface of the deck and I had to pull my foot away to even get a good look at it. The emergency lighting painted everything an eerie red anyways, so it just reminded me of blood.
\par That voice had disappeared for the moment so I bent down for a better look. It just looked like a spill or something. A chemical? The thought that it might be dangerous popped into my head, but I couldn't really tell. I wasn't a scientist or a researcher. Maybe that was why no one was here. Why was the power shut off, though?
\par But there was still \i someone\i0  here at least. I looked back up and quickly around. 
\par Still nothing.
\par That spill trailed away down some other corridor from the one I'd been following. I really wasn't even sure which way I should be going to get out of there. Were there other levels like this? The whole station couldn't have gone dark. 
\par Could it?
\par Tess and dad wouldn't have just left me behind, not if they'd known where I was and could have come for me. Dad was too smart and knew so much from his service days. He would have made it. And Tess was clever. Bertram wouldn't have let anything happen to her either. Didn't they know where I was? Weren't we still on the station?
\par I ... I just didn't know. Nothing at all made any sense yet.
\par So I followed the trail of that spill instead. I kept my ears and eyes open to the dark around me for any sign that I was still being followed. Why wouldn't they just have come out anyways? Fucking creepy is what that was, and made me wish I still had that stupid service rifle they'd made us lug around everywhere back at the Academy. Or any weapon. Or some actual psychokinetic ability.
\par Yeah, that would've made me feel a \i whole\i0  lot better about just about ... \i everything\i0 .
\par The next lab wasn't locked down like the others.
\par I got a brief look and sense of broken glass and that liquid splattered along the readout consoles and away inside. Then something was leaping at me in a rush up out of the dark. I only caught it from the corner of my eyes -- enough chance to snap my head that way and flinch.
\par My hands came up a second too late, but it didn't matter. I didn't feel anything but maybe cold rush tingling through the nerves of my palms and forearms. A couple more seconds passed, and I wasn't dead or being mangled or even attacked. I peeked between my fingers, but there was nothing there that I could see.
\par "What the fuck!"
\par I finally stumbled back against the console where the trail leapt up and over into the lab, eyes wide and darting about the space where I was sure something had just jumped up out of the black at me. Hadn't it? I wasn't crazy, was I? God, I hoped not. Things were already fucked up enough as it was without me having to worry about whether or not I was cracking on the inside too.
\par Some of that liquid got on my hands. I flinched back, starting to freak out all over again. I had no idea what the hell that shit even was! I tried to find something to wipe it off on and settled for the wall. It didn't all come off no matter how hard I scraped or smudged. There was still an uncomfortable film on my palms.
\par I looked at it there closely, horrified. And that was when I realized I was pretty sure it wasn't just some chemical spill.
\par I'm pretty sure it was blood.
\par \cf2\f1 
\par }
