{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil Garamond;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Garamond;}{\f2\fnil Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\cf1\lang1033\f0\fs22 
\par \f1 I wanted to sleep for a week after what Jonathon had put me through, especially after getting kicked around when I was down by Brett and his friends afterwards. I was just lucky they didn't try to use any Peekay on me up there on the ramparts criss-crossing the courtyards. There must have been enough people close by not to risk it. I knew for a fact that they would have been worse than expelled if they tried anything like that on me outside of class. Dad would have made sure of it.
\par Usually, I just had to worry about what they managed to get away with \i in\i0  class.
\par I had passed out on the floor this time - barely making it through the door to my room before I just didn't feel like walking anymore. For that, I got a bunch of red creases on the side of my face to sport around for the next couple hours after I woke up. My legs were all but boneless too. I managed to shower, get dressed, and drag myself back out the door an hour later.
\par Jonathon didn't put me through too many paces when I finally showed up at his place, feeling forlorn and about ready for the final blow to come crashing down. He surprised me by just having us do a lot of stretches. Mostly to make up for how wrecked yesterday had made me. I realized that after a while of guessing at what new game he was playing to torture me. But if I knew him at all, it was all in preparation for some new crucible tomorrow. And I thought yesterday had been pretty rough by itself.
\par I was in Dr. Sweeney's office a few hours after that, just sitting back in one of her big, easy chairs and trying not to fall asleep. I almost had a few times on Jonathon with how slow some of those stretches could end up being. After asking me a bit about how I was doing and feeling and getting a rambling account of why I was so dead-tired, she pulled out a pad on me.
\par "So. You collapsed in Dr. Holloway's class again," she read. And then glanced up at me. "Another dream?"
\par Elle was over six feet tall and I was almost lying down, so it was really glancing down for her. But I nodded my head, keeping my eyes shut for the most part.
\par "Something new? Or another of the same from before?"
\par I told her it was nothing new. I'd had that one about the man getting chased by whatever those things were and finding the woman in the river. All the details were the same. Everything black, and dead or dying. She ran me through them, over and over. Just like always. I thought maybe she was trying to see if I would say something different. But I wasn't sure what that would end up telling her after all this time.
\par "Still seen through his eyes?" she asked, leaning back with her eyes on me and sipping at some tea or coffee in her mug.
\par "Like I was right there," I told her with a flippant wave of my hand. "Like I was him doing it." 
\par I got bored with the re-telling, just trying to forget it once it was done. But I could feel every shot fired, and the recoil up my arm. Every friend of his butchered right there in the woods in front me was mine. The weight of that woman as he charged through the trees, running. Even the dank, slimy feel of muck from the dead river he got on his hands after pulling her out.
\par I felt his thoughts like they were my own. I knew him then, like I knew myself. I was him, and he was me. But I'd never met him, of course. Or any of them, for that matter. I guess that was just as well since they were all dead now anyways. Elle liked to speculate that it might be something like recalling a past life, but she didn't care much for those theories in general. God is dead, she would say, and so are we - when we're done.
\par That particular dream always left me rubbing just beneath my shoulder for a few days afterwards. Where the thing had stabbed me right through. Or Brennan, I mean. I kept expecting to find a bleeding hole there like he had.
\par "So what were you doing just before it happened this time?"
\par The episode, she meant. They didn't happen so frequently that anyone could ever give a good explanation, though Elle tried. My last one had been months ago.
\par I shrugged my shoulders. I could never really remember afterwards.
\par "Was Dr. Holloway talking?"
\par "I guess so."
\par "About what?"
\par Again, I shrugged. I'd heard most of it all before over the course of seven semesters. He only spiced a few details up in his lectures, so I mostly spaced out a lot of the time. Sometimes I imagined levitating one of those practice balls and tossing it right at his balding head.
\par "I don't know. Maybe something about ... subspace particles? I think?"
\par "Subspace ... \i particles\i0  ..."
\par She looked at me, hard. 
\par "That's the best you could come up with? Really?"
\par And sighed, looking down at her pad.
\par "I'm beginning to see why Dr. Holloway gets so frustrated with you."
\par "He hates me because I can't do anything," I tossed back.
\par "Maybe you're not trying hard enough."
\par "I am. I've tried everything he's told me to do. I've taken the course seven times. Seven times! Nothing works."
\par She opened her mouth, but I shut her down quickly.
\par "Dad just keeps making me go because he wants me to prove I can actually do something. Anything." 
\par "Because the alternative would be ...?" she offered.
\par "That I'm just mundane. Like everyone thinks."
\par "And you think he's afraid of that being true?"
\par And there it was.
\par "Yes."
\par "Hm."
\par Elle sat there for a while with her fists balled under her chin and a thoughtful look on her face. I had opened my eyes again, giving her a tired, irritated stare. It was obvious to me - the whole thing, that is. Maybe dad didn't even realize it. He certainly never would have admitted it to me, that's for sure.
\par Eventually, Elle came out of that introspection and gently dipped her clasped fingers in my direction.
\par "Maybe he has a different reason for putting you through all that," she ventured, drawing the words out slowly and with some weight. I just shook my head.
\par My watch beeped.
\par "Time's up," I sighed wearily at that. "Anything else?"
\par "Do you have anything else for \i me\i0 , Evelyn," she countered with a genuine smile.
\par "No. I don't think so."
\par "What about things with ..." she trailed, hinting.
\par My face flushed hard before she could even finish the sentence. And I stomped all over it before she could even think to.
\par "Nope. Nothing new."
\par "Hmm," she mused, smiling way too much at me. She was an old woman - old, like most of the brainiacs wandering around with pet projects and algorithms and fantasies about theoretical breakthroughs in their heads around there. And sometimes I wondered if I was the most interesting thing she could poke and prod intangible fingers at all day. Unlike a lot of the other doctorates around Riftwatch, she specialized in psychology. I didn't think it was too hard to believe she got her kicks out of playing mind games with people.
\par "Well, alright then. You are - free to go," she joked at my expense with a generous bob of her head.
\par I rolled my eyes back at her, still flush. Then I got up with a heavy sigh, said my thank you's and goodbyes, and left.\cf2\f2 
\par }
