{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Garamond;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\cf1\lang1033\f0\fs22 
\par I doodled through most of Holloway's class the next day, and I ended up with some nice artwork illustrating where he thought he belonged in the universe. Too bad he caught me, and confiscated it. That got me kicked out for the day with a threat of suspension. He overreacted. Still, it was worth it to see his wispy head go suddenly red and ripen there in front of everyone. And got me out of class early for once. I couldn't forget that.
\par Which was all well and good because Brett and some of them were giving me looks from the back of the class like a bunch of creepers. Nothing from Jason, though. He never noticed whenever I stole a glance his way.
\par I found Tess with a free hour or two out in the central courtyards. We people-watched from up on the catwalks while the nebulae from the Rift flared down through the massive view ports above. Sometimes in the middle of the day, it'd overwhelm all the artificial lighting in the courtyards and turn everything that same purplish-red color. You could always tell someone new to the station by how much they gawked at that.
\par "Too bad," Tess sighed aloud at some point. She was perched with her chin in one hand, leaning on the rail and looking up. I'd been looking down.
\par "Too bad what?"
\par "Out there," she pointed to the Rift. "It'd be nice to go out there."
\par "I guess."
\par "You know I could get us on one of those survey ships. It would be easy."
\par "Then do it."
\par She gave me a sidelong look. Then just shook her head.
\par "You wouldn't go. Who are you kidding?"
\par "Why not?"
\par Maybe I just sounded too bored, because she didn't bother to answer. Just kept giving me that eye.
\par "You going to skip out on Ressler again later?" I asked.
\par "I was thinking about it." She slumped down onto both elbows along the rail before glancing back up at me. "Why? You gonna ditch fer once too?"
\par "Nope. I just don't want to get stuck cleaning the ducts out for him again by myself."
\par A smile broke out slowly across her face
\par "Oh, yeah ... sorry."
\par "No you're not."
\par She laughed about the whole thing quietly to herself for a while. I went back to watching the people moving about below in the courtyards. Some of the gardeners were out now. Every so often Dad loaned me out for some chores with them. It was better than working maintenance for Ressler at least. And the gardens were very pretty. Serene, I suppose. I could appreciate it a bit more having helped keep it that way more than a few times.
\par "By the way," Tess came back down at some point, "You wouldn't happen to have the- Oh."
\par I stuck out the data stick I'd pulled out of my jacket pocket for her. 
\par "All of the books for the last week."
\par "Sweet."
\par She lit up at that, snatching the thing eagerly from my fingers and tucking it away. It was habit by now, but I still shook my head. I was already sick of them before Dad even opened his mouth to assign a new one. Not her, though. I guess it was easier to want what you couldn't have. God knows, no one would trust her around anything valuable or important.
\par "You remembered it this time," she couldn't help muttering under her breath, and barking a laugh of a sudden. "Ya know what? Yesterday, I was- oh shit."
\par Her eyes went wide. Horrified. And I turned around to see where she was looking.
\par "What?"
\par I got my answer just as quickly. Part of it, anyways. A man in Watch uniform was making his way toward us from the other end of the catwalk. Fast.
\par I twisted right back around at Tess.
\par "What did you do?"
\par I started to cry out at her. But I only got partway. Before I could even open my mouth, she was already moving.
\par "Run!" she shouted back over her shoulder at me without even glancing back.
\par "HEY!"
\par That man bellowed out as us from behind. \i Us\i0 , because he wasn't just looking at Tess. So much for keeping out of it. I glanced back at him, then to Tess darting off and away.
\par "Shit."
\par I took off after Tess in a blind rush, and the Watchman broke into a run too. My legs were still a little shaky from the other day with Jonathon, but I could outrun Tess - or any of them - in a flat sprint any day. I bolted, and flew right past her with barely a second to spare. She huffed something back at me, but I could care less. Whatever it was, it was her fault anyways. Then I just heard that Watchman behind us.
\par "... The hell with this."
\par Tess broke left and hopped the railing. I don't know what the hell she was thinking, but I didn't get a chance to care. A step away from the end of the catwalk, something bit into my back. Then every muscle in my body suddenly went limp all at once. I toppled like a dropped sack, folded up, and half-rolled over onto my face into the first stair down.
\par And then I had just enough time to watch the Watchman make the last few steps easy on himself catching up with me as I lay there twitching in spurts against the metal.
\par "Nice try, kid."
\par He gave that stun gun a few more clicks for good measure, but I couldn't feel it. I just felt my eyes roll back into my head.\cf2\f1 
\par }
