{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Garamond;}}
{\colortbl ;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\cf1\lang1033\f0\fs22 
\par I hit the bulkhead with the side of my face. A hand slapped my back right after, catching me before I could bounce back. It shoved me bodily again into the wall. I choked on the air in my throat that time. And stayed put for a second longer while my knees threatened to hit the deck in a heap. But that didn't do much good.
\par The Watchman slammed me face-first again. And again, I slapped the bulkhead with my cheek so hard it must have bruised. If I thought that was it, though, again I was wrong.
\par He shoved me a fourth time. And a fifth.
\par "What-"
\par I got intimate with the wall one more time, sputtering.
\par "WHAT DO YOU WANT, DOUGLAS?" 
\par I finally managed to shriek back at him. He only laughed. And put a forearm to the back of my neck.
\par "That's Watch Sergeant \i Macombe \i0 to you, kid," he grunted in my ear, all wry humor and sloshing tongue. Drunk. Great. If having me squashed against the wall with his full weight wasn't enough, he was trying to gag me with that too.
\par "What were you two uh," he trailed off, boring his eyes into the side of my head until it hurt, "doing back there?" He grinned a little lop-sided grin. "Huh?" 
\par I sucked in a desperate breath through my teeth. It was the last I got so easily.
\par When I didn't answer right away, he added a little more weight for emphasis.  Something shrill squeaked out of my lungs. And now he had his bared teeth in a rictus grin at my ear.
\par "\i Just\i0  ...," I gasped, sucking down another ghost of a breath. Black spots started sprinkling my eyes. "... \i Talking\i0  ..."
\par Again, he shoved his arm sharply in behind me at the small of my back, crushing me against the wall. I think my spine folded backwards. I tried to cry out, but there was nothing left.
\par "Funny," he snapped lightly, unfazed. "You two are \i always \i0 ... just talking."
\par I think I might have suffocated. I was half-dead, sure, before the door behind Macombe slipped open. I couldn't see by then. And everything sounded like it was echoing down a tunnel from far away. But someone snapped a warning at him.
\par "That will be \i all\i0 , Sergeant."
\par There was a second's lingering with me choked against the wall. An eternity, with the way my lungs had already shriveled up and died. But then Macombe snatched himself back just as quickly as he had struck, and rounded on that someone smartly.
\par "Yes, sir."
\par I dropped like a rock to the deck. Everything flopped out uselessly, and I hacked a coughing fit. I was only vaguely aware of Watch Lieutenant Boyce standing there now. He eyed the sergeant while I lay there, choking on the ground.
\par "Get in here, Ms. Weir," was all he said at the last. Turned. And disappeared back inside.
\par I took my time getting up. Not that I had much choice, lungs still rattling like they would give out again at any second. But it was time enough to eye the sergeant's boots, waiting for him to leave. He didn't. He just stood there staring at me in an uncomfortable way that made me cringe even more than my battered chest and back already did. And eventually, when I did get up, he gave me a little wink. I slumped a feeble hand on the door.
\par "See you later, kid."
\par He tipped his head and turned away. I just stared dully after him, coughing. l tried swallowing hard to get the painful lump out of my throat. I had a hard time thinking about what would have happened if the lieutenant hadn't come out when he did.
\par Lieutenant Boyce was waiting at Captain Ward's desk for me when I staggered in with my travel luggage. Both men looked up at me at the same time. And I felt what little wind I had gotten back in me abruptly deflate. I slumped, letting those bags fall again. Not that either of them was as bad as Douglas Macombe when he was drinking and on duty. But they sure never pulled me in there for anything good.
\par I guess they were waiting for me to ask them what for by the look Boyce was giving me. The captain had quickly gone back to the monitors on his desk and whatever he had been doing before I came in. I didn't quite work up the courage to open my mouth and start, though. I kind of hoped they'd just forget whatever it was if I stayed there still and silent long enough. I'd had more than enough of the Watch for one day. 
\par But, no such luck.
\par "Evelyn Weir ...," Ward suddenly boomed, and I started in surprise. He did it in his long drawn out way, standing up slowly from the chair. He had a tablet in hand and was still reading something, coming around the desk. The lieutenant's eyes never left me.
\par The captain eventually reached the other side, then sat down his bulk atop the desk. It didn't do much to lessen his size, though. Even at his age he was still all towering muscle and slow, methodical motion that felt like it would abruptly snap and lash out at any second. The closer he got the more I felt like flinching. And the more obvious it was that it wouldn't have made much difference.
\par He took a long drink at the coffee he held in one hand. Still slow. Still patient, and unhurried. Still unnerving. 
\par I really \i hated \i0 that office.
\par Then his body did suddenly snap. His head. Up at me.
\par "How are you doing today?"
\par I flinched. He looked me right in the eye so sharply that I almost didn't hear the question. Or realize how non-threatening it was. Still, I think he meant it that way. 
\par "Wh-what?"
\par I was so articulate.
\par Knowing he was trying to scare me didn't make it work any less. And he had me locked in his sights now.
\par "I asked ... How - are - you - doing today?" He punctuated each word as if he were talking to a little kid. And I managed to get myself together. Mostly.
\par "Fine. Good," I amended quickly, and then wondered why. He opened his mouth again, and then I \i really\i0  wondered why.
\par "Well, which is it?" he asked slowly, leisurely. Taking a breath, and giving me the eye. "Are you doing fine? Or are you doing good?" 
\par He drew those words out quietly, and somehow still made them the loudest sound in the room. It sounded so much more stupid when he made me hear it again, too.
\par I didn't quite get past just staring at him dumbly. I never saw Boyce laugh, but I always wondered afterwards how he couldn't whenever I stood there looking like an idiot in front of Captain Ward. Somehow, it was never Tess who was stupid enough to get caught in there.
\par I guess eventually they just got tired of it.
\par "It's a simple question, Ms. Weir," the captain continued just as abruptly. He didn't wait for me to respond. "Let me ask you another one, and be honest with me, now." Those steel pylon-sized arms folded themselves across his massive chest.
\par I was just surprised he hadn't already bored a hole through my head by now. Not that I hadn't worked up a cold, clammy sweat.
\par  "You wouldn't happen to know anything about a hack into our mainframe late last night. Would you?" He let that settle on me for a moment before stabbing a finger casually from the hip. "Because I know you would tell me if you did."
\par Another round of staring on my part. I did have the wherewithal to shake my head quickly after a moment this time, though.
\par A noncommittal grunt was all I got. He didn't sound very convinced. Not that he ever did where either me or Tess was concerned. Not after two decades of watching us grow up.
\par "Well, then," he continued. His big, balding head dipped down for another drink. 
\par He stole a brief glance over at the lieutenant. Then he came back to me. 
\par "Tell me, Ms. Weir." He reached over and down to set his mug atop the desk with a satisfied sigh. It was a small chance to escape for a second. To not feel quite so much like melting there underneath that molten gaze.
\par When he came back around, there was a gun in his hand.
\par My heart stopped this time. I flinched again, and the breath caught in my throat. I might have choked out a small sound too. But the man just held the thing there to one side of his oversized head.
\par "Do you know how to use one of these?"
\par The next moment, he was flipping it around to stick out, stock-first, at me.
\par I didn't take it. I just stared at the man. Wide-eyed. I might have glanced once or twice at Lieutenant Boyce. I'm not sure.
\par Eventually, I shook my head, though. And barked a shaky laugh. It was the worst kind of joke, and one I couldn't figure out for the life of me right then. Not that I was anywhere near my best with the two of them bearing down. Weapons weren't allowed in Riftwatch. Not unless you were a Watchman. And they never carried firebolts.
\par I must have looked even more desperate and hopeless than usual because the captain merely sighed, and slowly rolled his eyes. Then he snatched my hand and made me take the thing. He stood.
\par "Lieutenant."
\par The other man snapped back to life in an instant. He flanked me from the other side and I jerked in surprise. A little too flush, I squeezed my eyes shut.
\par "Why don't you show her how to use that thing without blowing her own head off," the capain told the lieutenant. Then he turned back to me one last time, giving me a strangely unnerving, "Look after your father for me," before forgetting all about me back at his desk once more. Boyce helped pick up my bags and herd me out of his office into the hall.
\par "What?"
\par I was still a little too shaken, that gun hanging like a dead weight in the one hand. I forgot everything else for a while. The lieutenant had been telling me something but I didn't hear him. To his credit, he didn't even get irritated with me at that.
\par "Hold it out," he told me patiently. "Like this." And he made me pretend to use that thing they weren't even allowed to bring on the station.
\par No one else was around. For the fifteen or so minutes he put me through those paces, thank god. It took me a while to understand just what he was doing. Longer still to get it even close to right. By the end, he told me I should be able to hold my own and keep it straight in a firefight. Whatever that was supposed to mean. Me - I was just surprised I could keep myself from shaking too badly by the time we were through. And I very much doubted I wouldn't forget it all as soon as I got the hell away from there.
\par "Go see Bertram," the lieutenant said as he sent me on my way back toward the station proper. My feet were still a little unsteady. Worse now, with that deadly contraband in hand. "Tell him I sent you. He'll give you what you need to make that piece work. Just watch your back, alright?"
\par "Bertram?" I asked, bewildered.
\par "Just go," he pushed me a step, turning back himself. That step was all I got, staring down at the gun in my hand. "And don't let me catch you using that on this station," he called over his shoulder a moment later without looking back.
\par And I just managed to get halfway out the door with my bags before I even realized what he meant.
\par "It's not loaded." I laughed. Still, a little shaky. And tucked the thing away in a pocket where I hoped to god no one would see it.
\par "Of course it's not loaded ..." I mumbled to myself. "But ... Bertram?" And what the hell was \i that \i0 supposed to mean? "Watch my back?" I laughed a little insanely rattled laugh. From what? And ... a gun?
\par To my credit, I did manage to stumble my way back out of there on my own. 
\par Eventually.
\par }
