{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Garamond;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\cf1\lang1033\f0\fs22 
\par I hesitated right outside the front door to Bertram's place. It was a little restaurant that he and Tess had quarters above. I stared at it for a minute, then I glanced back over my shoulder. I had waited until that corridor was empty, not that it would be for long. I lost most of my nerve with that thought.
\par What the hell was I doing?
\par There was a back door. I could have laughed at myself for being dumb enough to try to use the front, but I was just too shaky to do much of anything. So I skittered away into a side hall, and looped around for the back.
\par I must have stood there with my head pressed to that rear door for a long time, just squeezing my eyes shut, before it abruptly slid open.
\par I tried to jump out of my skin. Instead, I froze up. 
\par Terrified, and staring.
\par It was just Jason.
\par "H-hey," he said, looking startled enough to find me leaning on the door. 
\par "Hey," I managed to croak back.
\par And that look turned irritated, and suspicious.
\par "You ... think you can move? Okay?"
\par I was standing right in his way. And I had been, just staring dumbly like that, for I didn't even know how long. He was carrying a box full of what must have been prepared meals. He always showed up about once a week to get them from Bertram before spending hours locked down in the libraries and study halls, just studying. Holloway really liked him.
\par "Well?"
\par "Yeah."
\par It took what felt like another minute for me to move out of door. And I couldn't keep my legs from shaking underneath me as I did. That gun was burning a hole in my pocket as hot as my face had turned. 
\par He pushed past me and I cracked my lips into the best imitation of a smile I could manage. I didn't have the courage to keep my eyes on his face, though. He didn't return it. And he didn't waste any time stalking away down the back corridor away from me either.
\par The absolute \i worst\i0  timing ...
\par I sank down against the bulkhead beside the door, holding my head in my hands. It was a while before I could even work up the nerve to try to push inside again.
\par "Well hello there, Evie!"
\par I jumped. Again. Maybe gasped a bit too loudly, too. Stupid. This time, though, it was Bertram's pudgy face suddenly popping up from behind a counter in the kitchens that got me. He'd been bending over and sifting loudly through some pots and I'd been way too out of it to even notice before I'd moved past him.
\par "Comin' round to see yer old pal, Bertram, are ya?" he split his pudgy, pink face with a grin as he straightened up. "Guess my cookin' hasn't killed ya yet. I'll keep workin' on it."
\par There were a few other cooks on staff working around grills and friers, not paying me much attention and shouting back and forth to each other. A busboy ducked in with a cart and gathered up another.
\par "Hey, you make sure that asshat friend of yours remembers to take care of table five!" Bertram shouted after the kid before glancing back at me.
\par I took a deep breath to steady that shaking that just wouldn't stop. It mostly just rattled loudly inside my chest.
\par Bertram stared at me for a second, expectantly, before I opened my mouth. I guess I took too long, though, because he stuck a finger at me.
\par "Hey, you haven't seen that horrible little brat friend of yours, have ya?" he broke in without missing a beat. "She skipped out on me again and hasn't been back all day."
\par I clapped my mouth shut. Thought about it. \i Really\i0  thought about ratting her out after her ditching me to the Watchmen. Oh, I could have gotten her back good. But, eventually, I just shook my head.
\par For some reason, today didn't seem like the day to start.
\par He gave me a long, skeptical look. But that was it. I must have looked pretty bad for him not to start the inquisition.
\par "We've got a number five on twelve!" another server ducked his head into the kitchen real quick to bellow out at the cooks. Bertram pointed at one of them, and the guy shook his head, shrugging towards the cook beside him. Bertram threw his hands up at that.
\par "You look stressed out, Evie," he abruptly said at me, and I had a hard time realizing when he had pulled up alongside and put a hand on my shoulder. "Hard day at class? Or was it Jonathon putting you through it today?" He didn't bother waiting for an answer before turning and waddling off toward the back rooms. "And speaking of \i that\i0 , just what do you think you're doing here? Shouldn't you be busy studying? I \i know\i0  you're booked up solid all week, otherwise I'd have you in here with little Tess scraping my floors." 
\par "Keep it up until I get back!" he shouted abruptly over his shoulder at everyone in the kitchens. "We got a lunch rush comin' in soon we'll never meet if you don't move yer asses!"
\par He got a few shouts back, uncowed. And then he set to muttering.
\par "Dumb bastards."
\par I followed Bertram as he pulled me along, and he kept on the whole way toward his cozy little personal office.
\par "Evie, Evie, Evie," he chided. "Just you wait until I tell your father you snuck off to visit old \i Bertram\i0 , huh ... He'll have you so deep in books all day, you won't see straight for a week! And I'll have to have- HEY!"
\par Someone suddenly came hopping lackadaisically down those back steps up to their apartments as we passed. I looked to see who it was and an infamous mop of rosy-pink hair flopped around as Tess leapt those last few feet, muted music blaring in the air around her head. She came around ahead of us without a word. Then abruptly stopped short, gaping.
\par "Ev!" Tess blurted out in surprise, tearing her earphones out with a hand. Her own undoing.
\par "What are you doing here? Shouldn't you be-"
\par Bertram twisted his fat mass around between us in an instant. He barked so loud that the other woman fell back a step. 
\par "What the HELL do you think yer doing, girl?"
\par "Uh ..."
\par But the old man was already trying to snatch at her.
\par "I might not be your father but that don't mean I won't beat that scrawny ass 'til it bleeds! GET OVER HERE!"
\par She didn't, though. She ducked him and slipped right past, bolting through the back door in a heartbeat. Bertram trudged a few, rolling steps after, but he was too slow. She was already gone. So he just shook a fat fist after her and shouted down the hall.
\par "Damnit, I love that girl but I'm gonna have ta kill her," he said as he came back and caught me up toward his office. He sighed, gesturing me inside. I heard the door close and the lock beep behind. He sighed again.
\par "The captain sent you by. Didn't he?"\cf2\f1 
\par }
