{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil Garamond;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Garamond;}{\f2\fnil Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\cf1\lang1033\f0\fs22 
\par \f1 "Well. Knew this day would come. Eventually."
\par Bertram slapped his desk with both hands, pushing himself up with a heavy grunt. I stared at him for a second with my mouth open, as he started looking around his office for something.
\par "Now where did I let it get to," he was rubbing his hands up his sides to his face and bald head emphatically, thinking and pawing around at various things. His neck was so thick, you could barely see it but it snapped around quickly this way and that anyways. I shook my head where I was sitting on the other side of that rickety old desk.
\par "... What?" I tried to ask, but it was cut short by him twisting a knob underneath his desk. A panel on the deck slipped open at his touch.
\par "Here we go."
\par He dug a box out of the hole and it came down on the counter between us. I didn't get to see what was inside it. But he pulled something out and held it up for me to see.
\par "You know what this is, right?" he asked, twisting a slug of smooth obsidian. At least, it looked like a chunk of rock. But it didn't reflect any of the lights in his little office. It was just a dark spot in the bright room, black as midnight.
\par "Perennium," he explained. "Refined into a small arms ammunition round." I don't think I'd ever seen him so serious for so long. He closed the box and held out his other hand to me.
\par "Let me see it."
\par I didn't have to ask him what he meant. I just pulled the pistol out of my pocket without thinking about it, and pushed it toward his waiting hand. He popped open a release on it, showing me the chamber, before pushing the pitch-black round inside. He clicked it back shut and the thing sang aloud with a shrill ring.
\par "Release the safety," he told me, slipping his thumb along the side of the stock.
\par "Point," he pointed it away into the room.
\par "Aim down both sights."
\par He closed an eye.
\par "Breathe out."
\par He did.
\par "And squeeze."
\par There had been a big, old bucket sitting over there on the floor next to the wall in one corner. Something flashed across the room with a shrill scream of light. A half a second. And then that bucket was slapping the bulkhead on its own, a big black hole rent through the side. Dirty water started rushing out onto the deck.
\par I jumped at that. I couldn't help it.
\par That whooping rush hit like a thunderclap in the closed space. It nearly knocked me out of my seat. The lieutenant had had me handle and aim the thing for a good while. He hadn't had me actually shoot it. And there was a world of difference.
\par It took me almost a full minute to shake that off - the sudden, gripping thought of something like that tearing into another person like it had that metal bucket. The image of it flashing toward me was an unbidden nightmare behind my eyes. I could imagine what it would feel like just from the sound of it. And I couldn't keep the thought from crowding out my head.
\par Bertram didn't seem to notice.
\par "Not like the vids, huh? Things aren't the same off-station," he was saying, staring off into space after that bolt. For some reason, the mess didn't seem to bother him all that much. It certainly wasn't what I cared about just then. "Or anywhere else for that matter. There's a good reason why we don't allow these things in Riftwatch. Peekaylings are bad enough."
\par At some point, he turned back on me. The pistol had made it back into my jacket pocket all on its own.
\par "I just hope you never have to use it," he told me. Then smiled. Sadly. And it was the saddest look I had ever seen him make.
\par He just reached out and squeezed my shoulder.
\par "Take good care of yourself, Evie."\cf2\f2 
\par }
