{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Garamond;}}
{\colortbl ;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\cf1\lang1033\f0\fs22 
\par "Your head'll explode doing that."
\par "Shit!" I shrieked out, nearly jumping right out of my seat again. My legs bumped the desk enough to move the pencil - the first time it had since I had sat down, no matter what I tried. Nothing Halloway or anyone else had taught me had ever worked one bit. And that night wasn't going to be the start either, I guess.
\par "God damn it, Tess ..."
\par I spun around on the other woman, and she threw her hands up to ward off that murderous glare.
\par "Jeez ..."
\par "You scared the hell out of me."
\par "Sorry. It's not like I was supposed to be here or anything ..."
\par "What? What time is it?"
\par I spun around and caught sight of the clock. Then let out a groan. I'd been at it for hours. Again, and I hadn't managed to move a thing even just the slightest bit.
\par "No luck again, huh?"
\par I didn't have to answer her. She knew as well as I did I couldn't do anything. If it wasn't for Dad, I wouldn't have even bothered trying.
\par "So." She made her way around to my desk with a flippant pout of her lips, "what did he have ya workin' on this time?" I leaned aside, and she read the title over my shoulder. "\i The Cosmological Horizon\i0 ."
\par She gave me a funny look. She knew reading assignments were one of the few things that could get me frustrating myself doing nothing for hours on end. Those dry, old texts just had me nodding off after a few minutes. It was the real reason why I bothered staring at small, inanimate objects. If I could manage to move one even the slightest bit, Dad would have to take a lot more interest in that than craming a bunch of tasteless facts and theories into my head. And he never argued when he found me spending time that way.
\par "I give up," I muttered forlornly. Tess just laughed. It wasn't the first time. And it probably wouldn't be the last.
\par Tess and I usually hung out at mine and Dad's place, and that night didn't start out to surprise me. It was late, but I didn't have anywhere to be next morning so  I let Tess mess around on my computer and tap into the message traffic for a few interesting people until it was much later.  At one point, Tess had me messing around with trying to push that pencil on my desk again while we laughed at what a few people like Dr. Tritcher and Professor Brooks had to say about Halloway. I was just making fun of him while Tess threw her voice in mock-imitation, reading out loud. But, as I put on a flip expression and mockingly squinted at it like most of the kids in class did, it did surprise me by rolling right across the metal into the wall.
\par "HOLY SHIT!"
\par Tess leapt back into the room and fell over. I just froze where I was still sitting in the chair, aghast. For a full minute, no other words or thoughts could have possibly gotten into or out of my head as I stared.
\par "D-do it again!"
\par Tess had climbed up to my knee, clutching at my pantleg in a feverishly excited deathgrip. I blinked over at her. I couldn't tell how long I had just been sitting there staring at that pencil as it tilted back and forth the slightest bit from the force of the initial roll.
\par "I - Did I do that?" I mumbled, still unable to really move or think.
\par "Who - who the \i hell \i0 else did it, you think?" the other woman snapped back almost incoherently.
\par I glanced around my room even so, pretty sure that there must have been someone else. But we were alone. We'd been alone all night.
\par Eventually, I made my way back around to the desk and that pencil.
\par "O ... okay ..."
\par I squinted. I breathed in and out, nice and slow. I emptied my head of everything else as best I could. The room faded away. Tess faded away. And then there was just me, and that pencil.
\par And nothing happened.
\par Seconds passed.
\par Minutes passed.
\par ... and nothing happened.
\par "No! Like you did it before!" Tess abruptly screeched at me, breaking my concentration. My eyes floundered over at her.
\par "Wh-what? I don't even - I don't know \i what \i0 I did ..."
\par Tess's head collapsed down against my thigh, and I heard her exasperated sigh. I blinked, but she bounced back to her feet, shaking her head quickly away.
\par "That's okay. That's okay." She was hugging me around the neck from behind. "You did it. You \i finally\i0  did it. That's what matters. I saw it. I \i saw\i0  it, Ev."
\par I wasn't sure what to say or think. I don't know that it mattered as much that I couldn't do it again just yet. I had done it once, and I could do it again. Right? I wasn't mundane. All those kids in class. Halloway. \i Everyone\i0 . They were all wrong.
\par They were all ... wrong.
\par I got excited. Then it almost just as quickly deflated with a sudden rush of despairing air.
\par "No one will believe me," I groaned in sudden realization, and Tess almost slapped me.
\par "They won't believe you either!" I growled back. She shook her head.
\par "Who cares?" Her hands came up emphatically. "At least you know you \i can\i0  ..."
\par Maybe. Maybe she was right. But I didn't know how-
\par The front door opened. I heard it slam back on its hinges, and jumped in my seat.
\par Tess and I both spun around toward my bedroom door ...
\par Just in time to see Dad come storming in.\cf2 
\par }
