{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Garamond;}}
{\colortbl ;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\cf1\lang1033\f0\fs22 
\par Nolan Weir had a doctorate in just about everything, it seemed like. One of the oldest men on Riftwatch, most of us still never saw him but when he was charging about like the fate of the entire system was waiting up for him. Who could know if it wasn't with all the things he did, or people said he was always doing. He was one of the most respected too, which everyone kept reminding me when I couldn't perform even the simplest psychokinetic trick. He was a genius, and more attuned than any other person anyone seemed to know. Every student tried to be the next prodigal Nolan Weir, and all the other researchers, scientists, and professors either gave him ample latitude or respect in regards to just about anything. He got whatever he wanted. Too bad all he ever seemed to want was to be left alone to his work.
\par They all said it. Everyone I ever heard talking about Dad had to mention it. He could have made a fortune for himself - if he'd just strike out as an independent for hire planetside or in any of the larger colonies. Only Bertram said that it wasn't so simple, and that most of the people who thought it was didn't know a single thing about the way life in the rest of the system worked.
\par Nolan was gray-haired and tall, with blue eyes that glinted so fiercely inside his wizened skull that people always thought he was glaring. He never stopped or even slowed down for anyone who he didn't think was worth his time, and very few of the other people around Riftwatch were. Most of them seemed only a touch less brilliant themselves - if at all. And he certaintly didn't mince words with Tess as he stalked toward the door of my room.
\par "Theresa. Go home."
\par "But Ev just-"
\par "Now."
\par Tess could only throw up her hands with a glare of her own for a second before she had to start up toward the door. There was no arguing with Dr. Weir. At least, not for Tess. Certainly not for me. The other woman did manage to catch my attention once she was past Dad's shoulder, though.
\par "You tell him," she mouthed emphatically with a choice gesture at the back of Dad's head. 
\par When she reached the door, she spun around one last time - slowly. She gave Dad the weirdest look I might have ever seen on her face. Too serious. Like she'd just figured something phenomenal out. 
\par And then she was gone, the front door slamming back shut in her wake.
\par "You won't believe what-" I started to say, but Dad didn't even waste another second before tearing right past me into the room. He made for my closet compartment and immediately started pulling out all my clothes in there.
\par "What ...?"
\par He had a daypack in one hand, and started stuffing it full of whatever he could find. A coat, shirts, pants, socks, underwear - disappeared inside as he crammed it as full as he could without so much as a word.
\par "What are you doing with all my clothes?" I finally managed to blurt out at him once he was done.
\par He just spun around, snatched me by the arm and dragged me out toward the front door where he shoved that pack into my hands.
\par "Now, listen to me carefully, Evelyn," he started, opening his mouth for the first time to speak to me in almost a week. He bent over and looked me hard in both eyes.
\par "Go down to Loading Bay Thirteen. Quickly. Do not stop, and do not go anywhere else. I will meet you there in twenty minutes. Do you understand?"
\par "No ..." I shook my head slowly from side to side, wide-eyed now at the desperate strength in that grip on my arm. "What-what's wrong?"
\par He let out a short breath, staring into me for a long moment. And I started to feel the way I did when I'd been dragged into the Watch Captain's office and handed that gun I tried to forget about in my pocket.
\par "Just go down to the loading bay," he repeated, softer this time but still with that hard, frantic edge to it. "Thirteen. Don't speak to \i anyone\i0 ."
\par "O-okay," I managed, bobbing my head ever so slightly and not sure what any of that was really supposed to mean.
\par "Okay?"
\par "Okay," I repeated.
\par "Go."
\par He pushed me out the door into the corridor, and it slammed shut one last time behind.\cf2 
\par }
