{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff31507\deff0\stshfdbch31505\stshfloch31506\stshfhich31506\stshfbi31507\deflang1033\deflangfe1033\themelang1033\themelangfe0\themelangcs0{\fonttbl{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f34\fbidi \froman\fcharset1\fprq2{\*\panose 02040503050406030204}Cambria Math;}{\f39\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0302020204030204}Calibri Light;}
{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}
{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f40\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f41\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f43\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f44\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f45\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f46\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f47\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f48\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f50\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f51\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f53\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f54\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f55\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f56\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f57\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f58\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f430\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Garamond CE;}{\f431\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Garamond Cyr;}
{\f433\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Garamond Greek;}{\f434\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Garamond Tur;}{\f437\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Garamond Baltic;}{\flomajor\f31508\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\flomajor\f31509\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flomajor\f31511\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flomajor\f31512\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\flomajor\f31513\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flomajor\f31514\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flomajor\f31515\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\flomajor\f31516\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbmajor\f31518\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbmajor\f31519\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fdbmajor\f31521\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbmajor\f31522\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbmajor\f31523\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fdbmajor\f31524\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbmajor\f31525\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbmajor\f31526\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fhimajor\f31528\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri Light CE;}{\fhimajor\f31529\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Light Cyr;}{\fhimajor\f31531\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Light Greek;}
{\fhimajor\f31532\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Light Tur;}{\fhimajor\f31535\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Light Baltic;}{\fhimajor\f31536\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri Light (Vietnamese);}
{\fbimajor\f31538\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fbimajor\f31539\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fbimajor\f31541\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\fbimajor\f31542\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fbimajor\f31543\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fbimajor\f31544\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\fbimajor\f31545\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fbimajor\f31546\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\flominor\f31548\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\flominor\f31549\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flominor\f31551\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flominor\f31552\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\flominor\f31553\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flominor\f31554\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flominor\f31555\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\flominor\f31556\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbminor\f31558\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbminor\f31559\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fdbminor\f31561\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbminor\f31562\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbminor\f31563\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fdbminor\f31564\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbminor\f31565\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbminor\f31566\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fhiminor\f31568\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\fhiminor\f31569\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}{\fhiminor\f31571\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\fhiminor\f31572\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}
{\fhiminor\f31575\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}{\fhiminor\f31576\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\fbiminor\f31578\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fbiminor\f31579\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fbiminor\f31581\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbiminor\f31582\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fbiminor\f31583\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fbiminor\f31584\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbiminor\f31585\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fbiminor\f31586\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\*\defchp 
\fs22\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505 }{\*\defpap \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 }\noqfpromote {\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 \sqformat \spriority0 Normal;}
{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden \sunhideused \spriority1 Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext11 \ssemihidden \sunhideused 
Normal Table;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid6501999\rsid10622432}{\mmathPr\mmathFont34\mbrkBin0\mbrkBinSub0\msmallFrac0\mdispDef1\mlMargin0\mrMargin0\mdefJc1\mwrapIndent1440\mintLim0\mnaryLim1}{\info{\operator Jonathan}{\creatim\yr2015\mo3\dy17\hr7\min58}
{\revtim\yr2015\mo3\dy17\hr8\min1}{\version2}{\edmins3}{\nofpages10}{\nofwords2561}{\nofchars14601}{\nofcharsws17128}{\vern57435}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\trackmoves0\trackformatting1\donotembedsysfont0\relyonvml0\donotembedlingdata1\grfdocevents0\validatexml0\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701
\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale100\rsidroot10622432 \fet0{\*\wgrffmtfilter 2450}\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\sl480\slmult1\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af39 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\cf15\insrsid6501999 
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 
The knife guy dragged me inside with one last thrust and then plopped down on the edge of my bed, pulling his own gun out to rest against the side of his face. He stared at me while the other one kept talking into his comm to someone else. It was the firs
\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 t\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 
 time I'd actually gotten a good look at either of them, and that one who'd chased me down sure looked like he'd be into attacking people in their own quarters in the middle of the night. He had a roughly trimmed beard and head, except for a short mohawk 
\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 s\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 pike of hair sticking up from the middle like a buzzsaw out of the top of his skull. Scars crisscrossed the stubble on either side of his scalp with one really big, }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af39 
\ltrch\fcs0 \i\f39\cf15\insrsid6501999 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 ugly }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\cf15\insrsid6501999 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 
one cutting down over his left eyebrow. He had combat armor plating underneath a light, brown coat hanging down and not doing much to hide the fact that he was mostly corded muscle beneath that. While I stared back, he put his knife to the other side of h
\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 i\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 s face and just kept staring at me with this dead-eyed, calculating look.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 "What do you want?" I started to ask, my voice -- thankfully -- barely quavering. But he cut me off by bouncing his gun down and pointing it straight at my head. My eyes snapped shut\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 
 and I threw my hands in front of my face, waiting for a blinding pain and flash of light, but ... nothing came. I tentatively opened them a couple seconds later and he was just sitting there pointing that pistol at me without saying a word. The other guy
\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39  \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 was still talking, low and agitated.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 "That wasn't what we were told to do," he grunted into his comm. "I don't care if you-" whoever it was cut him off abruptly and he started pacing. I didn't take my eyes off the gun pointed at me but I could hear the oth
\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 er one's boots clomping back and forth as he paced. I could tell he was limping slightly.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 "Let's get one thing straight, fuckhead -- I }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af39 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f39\cf15\insrsid6501999 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 don't}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\cf15\insrsid6501999 
\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39  take orders from you. If you don't have a way out, then we'll just have to take our chances with the head instead o\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 
f the whole body. He told me that was enough and a helluva lot better than nothing."
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 Head? }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af39 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f39\cf15\insrsid6501999 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 What}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\cf15\insrsid6501999 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 ?
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 I tried to make sense of that, but ... No. This whole thing didn't make sense, and I started to realize that as I finally got a chance to sit here and think ab\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 
out it. It just made a cold sort of desperation creep up inside me as I started to wonder if they were just going to kill me after all.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 Head? My head? My }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af39 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f39\cf15\insrsid6501999 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 head}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\cf15\insrsid6501999 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39  ...?
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 Who else could they mean?
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. That couldn't be right.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 "You just \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 
do your fucking job and let me do mine now that you've fucked it up," that other one was growling, still trying to keep his voice down but not doing a very good job of it. The thought dawned on me that these guys might not have been after me at all really
,\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39  but Dad. It was the only thing that }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af39 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f39\cf15\insrsid6501999 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 did}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\cf15\insrsid6501999 
\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39  make sense.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 "Whatever." The call terminated. "Dumb prick." And that other one finally turned back to us.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 "Well?" the knife guy finally asked, but his voice was flat. Dispassionate. He never took his eyes off me on t\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 he ground and I felt my skin crawl underneath it. The other one sighed.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 "He's fucking useless. Couldn't get the clearance to clear a path."
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 "Then we can't take her with us," the creepy one said, and I felt a sudden surge of hope. Whatever the hell was goin\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 
g on here, they'd botched it somehow and couldn't get me out. The fact that they'd been going to kidnap me in the first place was only slightly more comforting than the original thought that they were just going to kill me. But then why hadn't he just sho
\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 t\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39  me when I tried to run? Unless he couldn't. Even if he had meant to kill me, he hadn't bothered to shoot that poor drunk marine. Just bludgeon him to death.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 "Don't you think I know that? He said he only needed the head."
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 "So?"
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af39 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f39\cf15\insrsid6501999 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 Uhhhh}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\cf15\insrsid6501999 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39  ...
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 "So why don't you \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 get your hacksaw? Can you do that? }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af39 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f39\cf15\insrsid6501999 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 Please}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f39\cf15\insrsid6501999 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 ?" the one who'd tried to shoot me first asked with too much exasperated sarcasm. The creepy guy, in turn, just cocked his head to one side and got off the bed.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af39 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f39\cf15\insrsid6501999 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 No nonononononono.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\cf15\insrsid6501999 
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 "Don't you fucking move, little gir\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 l."
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 The mouthy one had his gun trained on me now from behind. I noticed the other guy digging in a pack he had on the floor to one side. I didn't like what I was seeing come out.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 Eyes wide, I flipped around toward the one behind me and shoved both my hands\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39  at him, pleading. "Please don't!"
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 "Shut up."
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 "Whatever you're going to do, please don't -- I can -- I know s ... I ..."
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 I struggled with something -- anything -- to give him, but I just sat there on my knees, stammering in a violent, desperate rush.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 
The guy with the gun on me -- he was taller than the other one, with long, rough and dull brown hair limping down past his jaw and his untrimmed, full-faced beard -- he just took a step forward and shoved a boot in my guts.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 I was dimly aware of dry-heaving\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 
 on the deck a little while later, my face almost kissing carpet. Saliva trailed down from my mouth and my insides felt like they were coming apart. Eventually, I couldn't hold myself upright any longer and I flopped down on my side, cradling those shards
\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39  \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 of glass inside my stomach.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 "Hey."
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 A head swam above me.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 "Heyheyhey."
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 Then a hand was buried in my hair. It started pulling and pain shot through my scalp like it would rip right off. I grabbed that hand with both of mine and it yanked me partially up off \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 
the floor.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 I was looking into the bearded guy's face then, baring my teeth. I wish it was because I was filled with rage and death-defying defiance, ready to spinkick my way right through his guts. I thought about it.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 But no. It just fucking hurt. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af39 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f39\cf15\insrsid6501999 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 Everythi\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 ng}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f39\cf15\insrsid6501999 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39  hurt. 
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 He smiled at me.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 
"My friend's going to take just a little bit off the top here," he said, still with that lop-sided grin that said "cat playing with a mouse," and jabbed a finger into my neck. The gun replaced his finger a second later, and he sn
\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 apped my head back so I was looking up at him.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 My eyes drifted sideways toward that other one pulling out of a carrybag what looked like one of those hand-held, molecular-bladed bonesaws the medical officers kept in their emergency kits for field amputatio
\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 ns. I felt sick in my throat, looking at it. The room felt surreal, spinning around me.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 Where was Dad? I was going to die -- right }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af39 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f39\cf15\insrsid6501999 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 here}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\cf15\insrsid6501999 
\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39  -- and he wouldn't even know until long after these two were gone. Why had I ever let him kick me back out in the first \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 place? Why hadn't I gone to see Tess? Why had I run away from Mills?

\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 A dozen things differently and I wouldn't be here right now. Somehow, that wasn't comforting. Because I was still -- }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af39 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f39\cf15\insrsid6501999 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 right}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af39 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\cf15\insrsid6501999 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39  -- }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af39 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f39\cf15\insrsid6501999 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 here}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\cf15\insrsid6501999 .

\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 "Hold her down," the knife guy said, and started moving\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39  back over toward us. And I threw a wild, desperate punch at the bearded guy's crotch.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 My knuckles crunched against a protective cup and went numb for a split second before screaming out at me in pain. That hand let go of my hair, though, and I collapsed t\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 o the deck.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 
The bearded guy stumbled back a step, cupping himself and growling. It wasn't the reaction I was hoping for, though. Not the one I needed. And before I could even think to make another move on either of them, the other one swung a }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39 
\ltrch\fcs0 \f39\cf15\insrsid10622432 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 full-bodied kick}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\cf15\insrsid6501999 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39  right up\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39  into my face.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 My jaw clacked shut and the tip of my tongue burst into blood. My head snapped back and things went white.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 I was on the deck in a daze when I came back to, the taste of blood in my mouth. My tongue hurt. I tried to look up and around, but so\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 
meone had their hands on my back, pushing me down. I started to scream unintelligibly with my swollen tongue, kicking out with everything I still had.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 "Cut her," one of them said. The other pushed a button and a shimmering blue blade came to life in the sa\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 w behind my head.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 And so did the station alarms.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 Everything stopped. Klaxons blared overhead, the lights dimmed too much, came back slightly, and flashed red. Those two guys both looked sharply up and around, shocked and pissed all at once. I froze, buzzin
\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 g inside my head.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 "Fuck!"
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 "... He didn't ..."
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 They got off me, but I barely felt it. White noise crept across my skull and everything washed over fuzzy. Something tugged at the back of my brain.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 "Too early. He's too fucking early!"
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 "We need to move ..."
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 "F\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 uck! No. Grab her first!"
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 They came back to me. I didn't even notice. Something was wrong.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 With me.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 With everything.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 I felt it all start coming apart.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 
That tugging at something inside my head got more insistent. I looked down, and I was on my hands and knees. The wire around my legs was loose and I kicked my way out of it without feeling. I still had to get out of there -- away. Those two were staring a
\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 t\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39  me.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 No. Something behind me.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 They didn't forget me, though.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 A gun flashed in front of my face. Mohawk guy. I watched him bare his teeth and waited for the end ... but he just kept on staring like he had been. There was a flicker of ... }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af39 \ltrch\fcs0 
\i\f39\cf15\insrsid6501999 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 something }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\cf15\insrsid6501999 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 ... in hi\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 s cruel eyes. The other one was agape.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 That tug was physical now too. I felt my clothes pulling me backwards toward nothing. My bed? I tried to look around, but everything felt heavy and slow -- like I was stuck trying to run inside a dream.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 Then that some\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 thing inside my head snapped, and everything folded in on itself until there was only black.
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 Red warning lights were blinking in my face.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 I winced, and tried to open my eyes. Everything was black laced with bright red and, for a second, I had no idea whe\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 re I was.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 Then, I remembered.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 I was floating. I had no idea how fast I was moving, but that blaring HUD screaming "NO TETHER DETECTED" at me told me all I ever needed to know.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 ... To freak the fuck out.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 I'd hit the emergency airlock release on my borrowed \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 suit in a panic and been catapulted out into empty space. A whole new kind of panic gripped me now.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 I flailed, and started to spin. Blood thundered in my ears. There was nothing but the sound of my suddenly desperate, ragged breathing in the silence of the\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 
 suit. My faceplate was still splattered with black sludge from that melting corpse and all I could see was the outline of void whirling around me. I started to scream.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 That didn't slow me down at all.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 How long was I out?
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 How far had I }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af39 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f39\cf15\insrsid6501999 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 gone}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\cf15\insrsid6501999 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39  ...?
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 I couldn't\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39  see the station. I couldn't see anything!
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 WARNING: RAPID OXYGEN DEPLETION
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 My HUD howled at me again, lighting up in bright, disturbingly visible letters. I was hyperventilating, alternating between sucking in all the air I could and shrieking at the top o\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 
f my lungs at nothing. No one would hear me.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 Where was Dad?
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 Where was that weird voice?
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 Where was }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af39 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f39\cf15\insrsid6501999 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 anyone}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\cf15\insrsid6501999 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39  ...?
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 "HELP ME!" I screamed at all of them and tried to pound empty space with my fists. My rotation changed.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 
I fumbled at my wrist. I couldn't see anything past that slime and pawed furiously at my faceplate instead. There was something in my hand and it tried to bounce off the steelglass before I could catch it. That slime didn't budge.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 I remembered the voice ac\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 tivation command for internal comms and screamed it unintelligibly twice before I got it to turn on.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 "Somebody! A}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af39 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f39\cf15\insrsid6501999 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 nybody}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\cf15\insrsid6501999 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 
 --!" I'moutsideandIcan'tseeanythingandIdon'tknowwhereIamplease-"
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 I word vomitted, sobbing into that open mic. My stomach felt sick and I\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 
 thought I might throw up for the millionth time that day. How much could possibly be left? Who knew if I was even still in range of the station? Who knew if anyone was even still }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af39 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f39\cf15\insrsid6501999 
\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 alive }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\cf15\insrsid6501999 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 ...?
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 "Please -- I need help, I'm ..." I begged. To no one. I felt my w\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 orld slipping away into black and there was nothing I could do about it. No one could help me at }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af39 
\ltrch\fcs0 \i\f39\cf15\insrsid6501999 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 all}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\cf15\insrsid6501999 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39  ...
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 Something hit me.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 My heart lurched, my whole body spinning around head-over-heels. Gray-almost-black flashed in solid angles at the edges of my facepla\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 
te -- just enough to tell me it was something apart from vacuum. 
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 I cried out in surprise, flipping over. My arms flew out grasping. Nearly lost the thing in my hand again. I caught something and held on as hard as I could. I had no idea how fast I'd been 
\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 going, but I got a good idea with how violently I swung around and smashed chest-first into something solid. For a few seconds I couldn't breath. But I still hung on.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 WARNING: RAPID OXYGEN DEPLETION went from red to yellow to white before I could breathe a\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 
gain, then spiked to yellow for about a minute while I wondered in a daze if my faceplate would crack open. My left hand was a vicious claw wrapped around metal scaffolding I couldn't see and dark metal plates winked at the edges of my faceplate around th
\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 a\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 
t black sludge. I just sort of hung there for a long while, tethered by one arm and floating, relief washing over my whole body like a warm blanket. And I tried to forget the frenzied thought of flying off into empty void until I asphyxiated. Alone. Forgo
\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 t\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 ten.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 Dad came back to mind.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 I'd been going too fast and too long after careening out of that airlock. I don't think he'd meant for me to do that when he'd led me there -- }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af39 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f39\cf15\insrsid6501999 
\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 if}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\cf15\insrsid6501999 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39  he'd led me there. Well ... I'd gotten out, hadn't I? But I shouldn't have hit the\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 
 station. I should have been floating off forever into black.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 So what had I hit then?
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 I brought my free hand with the thing clutched in it around and tried to swipe at that slime on my faceplate again with my knuckles. But it had frozen and I ended up scru\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 
bbing at ice. A few minutes of that and I was growling blindly at it, duraflex suit gloves completely fucking useless.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 Wait.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 I was about to throw that thing away and start bashing my own head against metal again before I remember what it was. I pulled my h\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 and up to the sides where I could see and -- YES!!!
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 It was that combat knife I'd almost lost out the airlock.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 I couldn't believe I hadn't let go of it while I'd been flying through all that mess ...
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 Thank god I hadn't. I turned the knife to the edge of the\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39  disgusting ice and started chipping away at it.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 Haha! And it worked!
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 Sort of.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 That stuff started to break off in chunks and squirm away. I laughed a shaky laugh into my faceplate, forgetting how horrifying all of that really was. I could see!
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 Just in time\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39  to notice the huge chunks of metal rocketing overhead.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 My body lurched on reflex, breath half catching in my throat, half tearing out of it in a another strangled cry of surprise. That was the only sound I heard as huge things screamed overhead, venting t
\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 hrust and atmosphere into space while I flopped around right beneath them. Thank god I didn't let go.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 It stopped almost as abruptly as it had started. Those things shooting out overhead. And they }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af39 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f39\cf15\insrsid6501999 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 were}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39 
\ltrch\fcs0 \f39\cf15\insrsid6501999 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39  shooting. It took my too stressed, tired, and fear-soak\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 
ed brain too long to realize where they were going. Or what they were. Or what was even happening.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 Boarding pods.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 The station.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 Riftwatch was being attacked.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 And somehow ... some ridiculously laughable way -- }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af39 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f39\cf15\insrsid6501999 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 I}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\cf15\insrsid6501999 
\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39  must've been hanging onto an enemy ship.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 It all came so clearly to me of a sudden that I felt drunk with clarity. 
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 My eyes fixed to the hull beneath me -- or beside me. I assumed I'd been hanging up and down, but now that I could see the station I realized I was really at a dizzyingly upturned an\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 
gle. My stomach lurched into my throat before I could focus enough to stabilize my sense of direction.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 Then my eyes inevitably slipped back toward the station. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af39 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f39\cf15\insrsid6501999 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 Home}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\cf15\insrsid6501999 .
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 I was immediately reminded of coming in what must have been only yesterday morning, starin\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 
g at that same sight from beside Miller. Except this time I was dangling from an enemy ship in space. Watching boarding pods crash into the station's hull.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 What struck me first was how dim and spotty the lights looked. Like the power was failing in more pl\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 
aces than just that research tower I'd been in. And, finally reminded again of that place I'd been so desperately ejected out of -- I found it, stabbing up out of the station's riftward side like a dead, metal finger. There was something moving toward it.
\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39  \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 Not a boarding pod. I squinted to see against the black.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 "What th--"
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 "... hello?"
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 Static.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 I blinked, so in shock to hear someone else's voice that I forgot that thing and my grip on the hull of that ship both. I started to drift away for a second.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 "... Hel\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 lo? Come in. Who's on this frequency?"
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 I scrambled to grab a hold of the hull again.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 "H-hello!" I practically shouted into my comm. I'd forgotten all about it, and I'd been breathing, screaming, gasping, and grunting into open frequency for the past few mi\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 
nutes without caring. Who }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af39 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f39\cf15\insrsid6501999 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 did }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\cf15\insrsid6501999 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 care? Someone had heard me!
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 "Who is this? What unit are you with? I better have an ID number or a name in about five seconds. You're }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af39 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f39\cf15\insrsid6501999 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 supposed }{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af39 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\cf15\insrsid6501999 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 to be at dead comms."
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 "This is-is Evelyn Weir, I'm-" I started babbling fiercely at \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 
that voice on the other end. I didn't care who it was, as long as they could help me. "I don't have a formal ID number yet, I haven't even been commissioned!" And I probably never would.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 There was a long pause, and I got the impression that whoever it was \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 
might have been trying to look me up or otherwise figure out who the hell I was. If there was actual fighting on the station ... there was no telling }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af39 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f39\cf15\insrsid6501999 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 what}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af39 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\cf15\insrsid6501999 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39  they might be thinking. 
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 Either way, it was the first }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af39 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f39\cf15\insrsid6501999 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 actual}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\cf15\insrsid6501999 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 
 human being I'd heard the voice of in wh\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 at felt like forever. No monsters. No corpses. And especially no corpses that were still trying to move around, claw you apart, and fall apart themselves all over the place.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 No, I was getting rescued.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 I was finally -- getting -- rescued.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\cf8\insrsid6501999 
\par }{\*\themedata 504b030414000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c020000130000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6cac91cb4ec3301045f748fc83e52d4a
9cb2400825e982c78ec7a27cc0c8992416c9d8b2a755fbf74cd25442a820166c2cd933f79e3be372bd1f07b5c3989ca74aaff2422b24eb1b475da5df374fd9ad
5689811a183c61a50f98f4babebc2837878049899a52a57be670674cb23d8e90721f90a4d2fa3802cb35762680fd800ecd7551dc18eb899138e3c943d7e503b6
b01d583deee5f99824e290b4ba3f364eac4a430883b3c092d4eca8f946c916422ecab927f52ea42b89a1cd59c254f919b0e85e6535d135a8de20f20b8c12c3b0
0c895fcf6720192de6bf3b9e89ecdbd6596cbcdd8eb28e7c365ecc4ec1ff1460f53fe813d3cc7f5b7f020000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100a5d6
a7e7c0000000360100000b0000005f72656c732f2e72656c73848fcf6ac3300c87ef85bd83d17d51d2c31825762fa590432fa37d00e1287f68221bdb1bebdb4f
c7060abb0884a4eff7a93dfeae8bf9e194e720169aaa06c3e2433fcb68e1763dbf7f82c985a4a725085b787086a37bdbb55fbc50d1a33ccd311ba548b6309512
0f88d94fbc52ae4264d1c910d24a45db3462247fa791715fd71f989e19e0364cd3f51652d73760ae8fa8c9ffb3c330cc9e4fc17faf2ce545046e37944c69e462
a1a82fe353bd90a865aad41ed0b5b8f9d6fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c0ccc4d0ac3201040e17da17790d93763bb284562b2cbaebbf600439c1a41c7a0d29fdbd7e5e38337cedf14d59b
4b0d592c9c070d8a65cd2e88b7f07c2ca71ba8da481cc52c6ce1c715e6e97818c9b48d13df49c873517d23d59085adb5dd20d6b52bd521ef2cdd5eb9246a3d8b
4757e8d3f729e245eb2b260a0238fd010000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100aa5225dfc60600008b1a0000160000007468656d652f7468656d652f
7468656d65312e786d6cec595d8bdb46147d2ff43f08bd3bfe92fcb1c41b6cd9ceb6d94d42eca4e4716c8fadc98e344633de8d0981923c160aa569e943037deb
43691b48a02fe9afd936a54d217fa17746b63c638fbb9b2585a5640d8b343af7ce997bafce1d4997afdc8fa87384134e58dc708b970aae83e3211b9178d2706f
f7bbb99aeb7081e211a22cc60d778eb97b65f7c30f2ea31d11e2083b601ff31dd4704321a63bf93c1fc230e297d814c7706dcc920809384d26f951828ec16f44
f3a542a1928f10895d274611b8bd311e932176fad2a5bbbb74dea1701a0b2e078634e949d7d8b050d8d1615122f89c0734718e106db830cf881df7f17de13a14
7101171a6e41fdb9f9ddcb79b4b330a2628bad66d7557f0bbb85c1e8b0a4e64c26836c52cff3bd4a33f3af00546ce23ad54ea553c9fc29001a0e61a52917dda7
dfaab7dafe02ab81d2438bef76b55d2e1a78cd7f798373d3973f03af40a97f6f03dfed06104503af4029dedfc07b5eb51478065e81527c65035f2d34db5ed5c0
2b5048497cb8812ef89572b05c6d061933ba6785d77daf5b2d2d9caf50500d5975c929c62c16db6a2d42f758d2058004522448ec88f9148fd110aa3840940c12
e2ec93490885374531e3305c2815ba8532fc973f4f1da988a01d8c346bc90b98f08d21c9c7e1c3844c45c3fd18bcba1ae4cdcb1fdfbc7cee9c3c7a71f2e89793
c78f4f1efd9c3a32acf6503cd1ad5e7fffc5df4f3f75fe7afeddeb275fd9f15cc7fffed367bffdfaa51d082b5d85e0d5d7cffe78f1ecd5379ffff9c3130bbc99
a0810eef930873e73a3e766eb10816a6426032c783e4ed2cfa2122ba45339e701423398bc57f478406fafa1c5164c1b5b019c13b09488c0d787576cf20dc0b93
9920168fd7c2c8001e30465b2cb146e19a9c4b0b737f164fec9327331d770ba123dbdc018a8dfc766653d05662731984d8a07993a258a0098eb170e4357688b1
6575770931e27a408609e36c2c9cbbc46921620d499f0c8c6a5a19ed9108f232b711847c1bb139b8e3b418b5adba8d8f4c24dc15885ac8f73135c27815cd048a
6c2efb28a27ac0f791086d247bf364a8e33a5c40a6279832a733c29cdb6c6e24b05e2de9d7405eec693fa0f3c84426821cda7cee23c674649b1d06218aa6366c
8fc4a18efd881f428922e7261336f80133ef10790e7940f1d674df21d848f7e96a701b9455a7b42a107965965872791533a37e7b733a4658490d08bfa1e71189
4f15f73559f7ff5b5907217df5ed53cbaa2eaaa0371362bda3f6d6647c1b6e5dbc03968cc8c5d7ee369ac53731dc2e9b0decbd74bf976ef77f2fdddbeee7772f
d82b8d06f9965bc574abae36eed1d67dfb9850da13738af7b9daba73e84ca32e0c4a3bf5cc8ab3e7b8690887f24e86090cdc2441cac64998f88488b017a229ec
ef8bae7432e10bd713ee4c19876dbf1ab6fa96783a8b0ed8287d5c2d16e5a3692a1e1c89d578c1cfc6e15143a4e84a75f50896b9576c27ea51794940dabe0d09
6d329344d942a2ba1c9441520fe610340b09b5b277c2a26e615193ee97a9da6001d4b2acc0d6c9810d57c3f53d30012378a242148f649ed2542fb3ab92f92e33
bd2d984605c03e625901ab4cd725d7adcb93ab4b4bed0c99364868e566925091513d8c87688417d52947cf42e36d735d5fa5d4a02743a1e683d25ad1a8d6fe8d
c579730d76ebda40635d2968ec1c37dc4ad9879219a269c31dc3633f1c4653a81d2eb7bc884ee0ddd95024e90d7f1e6599265cb4110fd3802bd149d520220227
0e2551c395cbcfd24063a5218a5bb104827061c9d541562e1a3948ba99643c1ee3a1d0d3ae8dc848a7a7a0f0a95658af2af3f383a5259b41ba7be1e8d819d059
720b4189f9d5a20ce0887078fb534ca33922f03a3313b255fdad35a685eceaef13550da5e3884e43b4e828ba98a77025e5191d7596c5403b5bac1902aa8564d1
080713d960f5a01add34eb1a2987ad5df7742319394d34573dd35015d935ed2a66ccb06c036bb13c5f93d7582d430c9aa677f854bad725b7bed4bab57d42d625
20e059fc2c5df70c0d41a3b69acca026196fcab0d4ecc5a8d93b960b3c85da599a84a6fa95a5dbb5b8653dc23a1d0c9eabf383dd7ad5c2d078b9af549156df3d
f44f136c700fc4a30d2f81675470954af8f09020d810f5d49e24950db845ee8bc5ad0147ce2c210df741c16f7a41c90f72859adfc97965af90abf9cd72aee9fb
e562c72f16daadd243682c228c8a7efacda50bafa2e87cf1e5458d6f7c7d89966fdb2e0d599467eaeb4a5e11575f5f8aa5ed5f5f1c02a2f3a052ead6cbf55625
572f37bb39afddaae5ea41a5956b57826abbdb0efc5abdfbd0758e14d86b9603afd2a9e52ac520c8799582a45fabe7aa5ea9d4f4aacd5ac76b3e5c6c6360e5a9
7c2c6201e155bc76ff010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f
7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73848f4d0ac2301484f78277086f6fd3ba109126dd88d0add40384e4350d363f2451eced0dae2c082e8761be
9969bb979dc9136332de3168aa1a083ae995719ac16db8ec8e4052164e89d93b64b060828e6f37ed1567914b284d262452282e3198720e274a939cd08a54f980
ae38a38f56e422a3a641c8bbd048f7757da0f19b017cc524bd62107bd5001996509affb3fd381a89672f1f165dfe514173d9850528a2c6cce0239baa4c04ca5b
babac4df000000ffff0300504b01022d0014000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c0200001300000000000000000000000000000000005b436f6e74656e
745f54797065735d2e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c0000000360100000b00000000000000000000000000300100005f72656c732f
2e72656c73504b01022d00140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c00000000000000000000000000190200007468656d652f7468656d652f74
68656d654d616e616765722e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100aa5225dfc60600008b1a00001600000000000000000000000000d6020000746865
6d652f7468656d652f7468656d65312e786d6c504b01022d00140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b0100002700000000000000000000000000d00900007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73504b050600000000050005005d010000cb0a00000000}
{\*\colorschememapping 3c3f786d6c2076657273696f6e3d22312e302220656e636f64696e673d225554462d3822207374616e64616c6f6e653d22796573223f3e0d0a3c613a636c724d
617020786d6c6e733a613d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f64726177696e676d6c2f323030362f6d6169
6e22206267313d226c743122207478313d22646b3122206267323d226c743222207478323d22646b322220616363656e74313d22616363656e74312220616363
656e74323d22616363656e74322220616363656e74333d22616363656e74332220616363656e74343d22616363656e74342220616363656e74353d22616363656e74352220616363656e74363d22616363656e74362220686c696e6b3d22686c696e6b2220666f6c486c696e6b3d22666f6c486c696e6b222f3e}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax371\lsdlockeddef0\lsdsemihiddendef0\lsdunhideuseddef0\lsdqformatdef0\lsdprioritydef99{\lsdlockedexcept \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority0 \lsdlocked0 Normal;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 7;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 5;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 9;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 header;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footer;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority35 \lsdlocked0 caption;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of figures;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope return;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation reference;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 line number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 page number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote text;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of authorities;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 macro;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 toa heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 5;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority10 \lsdlocked0 Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Closing;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Signature;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 Default Paragraph Font;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Message Header;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority11 \lsdlocked0 Subtitle;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Salutation;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Date;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Note Heading;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Block Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Hyperlink;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 FollowedHyperlink;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority22 \lsdlocked0 Strong;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority20 \lsdlocked0 Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Document Map;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Plain Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 E-mail Signature;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Top of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Bottom of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal (Web);\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Acronym;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Cite;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Code;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Definition;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Keyboard;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Preformatted;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Sample;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Typewriter;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Variable;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Table;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation subject;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 No List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Contemporary;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Elegant;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Professional;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Subtle 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Subtle 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Balloon Text;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Theme;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Placeholder Text;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 No Spacing;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2;
\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List;
\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 1;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 1;
\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Revision;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority34 \lsdlocked0 List Paragraph;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority29 \lsdlocked0 Quote;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority30 \lsdlocked0 Intense Quote;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 1;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 1;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 1;
\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 2;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 2;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 2;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 2;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 2;
\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 3;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 3;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 3;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 4;
\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 4;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 4;
\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 4;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 4;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 5;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 5;
\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 5;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 5;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 5;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 6;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 6;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 6;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 6;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 6;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 6;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 6;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority19 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Emphasis;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority21 \lsdlocked0 Intense Emphasis;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority31 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority32 \lsdlocked0 Intense Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority33 \lsdlocked0 Book Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority37 \lsdlocked0 Bibliography;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 TOC Heading;\lsdpriority41 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 1;\lsdpriority42 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 2;\lsdpriority43 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 3;\lsdpriority44 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 4;
\lsdpriority45 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 5;\lsdpriority40 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table Light;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 2;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 3;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 3;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 4;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 4;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 6;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 3;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 3;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 3;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 4;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 4;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;}}{\*\datastore 010500000200000018000000
4d73786d6c322e534158584d4c5265616465722e362e3000000000000000000000060000
d0cf11e0a1b11ae1000000000000000000000000000000003e000300feff090006000000000000000000000001000000010000000000000000100000feffffff00000000feffffff0000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
fffffffffffffffffdfffffffeffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff52006f006f007400200045006e00740072007900000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000016000500ffffffffffffffffffffffff0c6ad98892f1d411a65f0040963251e50000000000000000000000001037
1f44c360d001feffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000105000000000000}}