{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Garamond;}}
{\colortbl ;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\cf1\lang1033\f0\fs22 
\par A bunch of outdated and useless thoughts came rushing back to my head like blood as soon as I was away and scurrying down the corridors toward loading bay thirteen. I was used to Dad being gone for days at a time - he spent so much of it researching, or experimenting, or ... whatever he felt like he needed to do so much. I was used to getting along without him these days without seeing him for weeks at a time sometimes. I was even used to him coming home in the middle of the night without much to say at all. But he had never burst in the door like that and just thrown me out onto the deck with barely more than a parting word.
\par I slowed down, and seriously thought about turning around and just going back home. Maybe even demanding an actual explanation before I went anywhere at all. 
\par ... Like that'd ever work.
\par I don't know. Something about that look in his eye ...
\par It made me start to run to get where I was supposed to go.
\par I took the quickest way. After growing up there it was hard not to know every causeway and bulkhead like the back of my hand. People were still out and about, though - the latenight drifters and somnabulant thinkers. It's not like they did anything more than dim the station lights come night time. You had to go planetside for a real night, and even those barely existed in the larger colonies.
\par Dad had said to be quick, and bay thirteen was on the opposite side of the station. It would have taken someone else a half hour or more to get there. Not me, though. The fastest route was also the one no one ever used, I knew.
\par Besides Tess and me, of course. I made for the nearest maintenance shaft and dropped down into the poorly-heated, dark and clammy underbelly of the station that wound all the way beneath the central gardens toward the bays on the other side. It was more or less a straight shot through those access tunnels above the old morgues. I shouldn't have known the combination to the hatch at the end, but ... Well, Tess had picked up a few tricks over the years. Not a lot of security doors could keep her out for long, and I remembered the numbers.
\par It was dark down there, and dripping coolant echoed. The hexagonal metal stretched away in mostly empty corridors with enough room to breathe and then some while still managing to feel claustrophobic. Emergency lighting wires lined the corners of the deck and ceiling, but they weren't much help. Ressler and his crews were the only other ones who came down here, and they always brought lamps of their own. No time for that, though, and I was stuck with what I  had. As it was, I could barely move fast enough to make good time. I hit the small light on my wristband, and let it fight back the black as best it could, leading me on ahead.
\par I jogged along as quickly as a dared in the dim, unfocused semisphere of light with only the clamping sounds of the steel grates under my shoes for what felt like forever. I was the only thing alive down there in that place. Or, at least ... that's what I thought.
\par Footsteps.
\par I slowed, spinning around but stilll moving. It was too dim to see much behind. I looked back forward, using the light on my wrist, but that was no good either. The dingy walls bounced the sound around so much I couldn't tell which way it came from. And it stopped before I could. I was alone again in the dark with just my heavy breathing.
\par It was nothing. I tried to tell myself that. It was too easy to imagine something down there. The place had always given me the creeps. Tess too, though she wouldn't ever admit it to me. It wasn't much comfort knowing a bunch of rotting old corpses were wrapped up and entombed underfoot. And they had been there long before I was ever born.
\par I picked up speed again. As much as I could. As much for my imagination as that tone Dad had had in his voice when he told me to get to the other side. Like it was really important. Even though I still had absolutely no idea why.
\par Something chirped sharply in the dark and I almost tripped jumping out of my skin. A shrill sound ripped out of my throat before I could catch it, and echoed loudly down the corridor behind. I glanced morosely after it like I had lost something. I could have sworn I heard something else before the sound ran all the way away from me.
\par The comm on my wrist vibrated. I glanced down at it in a flush, tearing at the buttons. A small image of Tess flashed across the band.
\par "Of course she is," I growled aloud, and looked to see if the call went through. No luck down in those tunnels. I voiced a message into the band telling her the gist of what Dad had said to me.
\par Then I stopped.
\par There it was again. 
\par I was sure of it this time. Footsteps. Coming from ... behind.
\par "Send: Tess," I whispered down at my wrist furtively, then came back up. "Hello?" 
\par I shouted down the tunnel. I didn't get an answer - just a chill creeping up my spine with that word bouncing around and away from me. Too late, I thought I should have just kept running and not said anything. But ... too late.
\par I did whip back around again, but I took too long. A shape formed in the dark of the tunnel behind against the dim light lines, sweeping in on me. It sped up as soon as it saw me start moving again, so close already that I all but froze up realizing it had been just behind me almost all along.
\par I started to run. That shape split in two. I lost a step in surprise, and they both just flowed right around me.
\par I stopped when the one slipped around ahead of me so they completely blocked the corridor. I shriveled up inside, shaking. They kept their distance, and I whipped my head back and forth between the two in a panic.
\par "What ..." I started, but I wasn't really sure just what to say.
\par Not that it mattered.
\par "Well, well - what do we have here?" one of the shadows abruptly spoke, and something relaxed and tensed inside me all at once. I got a glimmer of a face. Human, at least. And so was that voice. Not some walking corpse, or ... something. I shivered and they got close enough that I could almost just make them out in the shallow light.
\par "Is that her?" the second one said, hunching down on himself a little behind me.
\par The first nodded. "Not so dangerous, huh?" he said, and started circling. They both got into it. At first, I wasn't sure what was going on. But something still made me cringe at each pass.
\par "Wh-what are you doing down here?" I managed. And I had to duck one of them that got too close for it.
\par "Lookin' for you," he said. The other laughed.
\par "Wonderin' why you came down here in the first place. Not that I can complain, of course."
\par "What," I swallowed my words with a shake again, "what do you mean?" I tried to back away in some direction, but they kept me in a tight circle. I squeezed my arms around me tight, blinking back and forth.
\par "Not a lot of witnesses," the one explained with a sporting cant of his head. "'Specially at this hour."
\par "Witnesses," I mumbled the word through lips that refused to stay still. "Witnesses for w-what?"\cf2 
\par }
