{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Garamond;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\cf1\highlight0\lang1033\f0\fs22 
\par 
\par 
\par "Woah! Uhhh ..."
\par I threw my hands out across the console, almost shaken right out of my seat. The whole shuttle had lurched. Was that my fault? I barely knew how to fly one of these things ... But that's what an autopilot is for.
\par Things settled down. For a second. Then the cockpit jerked sharply the other way without any warning \i again\i0 .
\par "Hey! What the hell!"
\par I shouted at the autopilot system, grabbing onto my chair and checking the clutching the harness. My fingers flew to the console, trying to find the controls that would bring up a system readout while red and yellow warning lights flashed on holographic images all around me. I blinked up at their warning.
\par "Automated defense measures detected," a bland, robotic male voice chimed on at me to a crescendo of insistent beeping.
\par "... \i what\i0 ?"
\par "Deploying countermeasures ..."
\par That autopilot must have been a more sophisticated system installment becase it acted all on its own without bothering with me. I felt something jettison out ahead of the shuttle and looked up to the main port view to see huge plasma bolts flying right at me.
\par "..."
\par Explosions ahead of the shuttle whipped me and it the other way and my head slapped the chair. If I hadn't been strapped in, it would've flung me across the cockpit and snapped my neck. I had a split second to recognize that before it dawned on me that someone was shooting at me in this shuttle.
\par How-?
\par Another explosion somewhere else pitched me in the other direction. This one was even bigger than the last. My knuckles went white on the pilot's chair while the whole shuttle rolled over. Somehow, it didn't come apart and send me hurtling out into naked space right away.
\par Sparks flew at my face. The cockpit was flashing black and red now, secondary system lights flickering in and out while smoke hissed loudly somewhere behind me. And, on top of that, I realized the hull was drifting at a bad angle.
\par "Autopilot-?"
\par "Autopilot protocols damaged ... switching to manual pilot."
\par The shuttle jerked hard, and I felt propulsion give out with no more control. I stuck a hand out for the manual ones on the consoleahead of me and everything jerked the other way, going into a spin.
\par I had to push back agianst the chair to get two hands on the controls. The shuttle slowly righted itself and spun back towards the station. And right at incoming anti-boarding defense turret fire.
\par "I'm not attacking!" I scraemed at those uncaring plasma bolts flying right at me. Not that they listened. I had a few seconds to try and evade and no real piloting ability to know how to do that. The shuttled dipped and swerved, thrusters going into overdrive and kicking me forward. I managed that much at least before that turret fire hurtled into me.
\par I squeezed my eyes shut, clenching my teeth and waiting for the hull to burst open all around me and ...
\par ... Nothing.
\par They missed me.
\par One eye back open -- the shuttle was diving. I scrambled to right myself again with an effort, bringing Riftwatch back into view. And those turrets.
\par They'd been down when I'd watched those boarding craft shooting towad the station. Now they were firing at everything heading their way. And, of course, I was in an enemy, unidentified shuttlecraft. Someone must have gotten them back on.
\par At least that cruiser wasn't smart enough to shoot at me too.
\par I saw the line of fire from the turrets coming at me and I twisted the shuttle away again before they struck. A few more time and I was zigzagging awkwardly toward the station, but keeping from getting shot down in the process.
\par \i This ... isn't so hard\i0 .
\par Some of that desperation melted away into relief, making me feel lightheaded and excited as I realized I could dodge those turrets pretty easily. They were designed for boarding craft fire on a simple trajectory, of course, so a shuttle was too maneuverable for them. And, luckily, no one had managed to switch on the anti-fighter defenses yet.
\par Small favors.
\par \i Almost home\i0 , I thought as I veered in again toward the nearest shuttlebay on the station's underbelly. \i Just have to put in a valid docking code a-\i0 
\par I winced as a disturbingly familiar buzzing started in the back of my head. Then my whole body started to seize up.
\par \i Oh no \i0 ...
\par White noise surged in all around me and I lost any awareness of the cockpit. The las tthing I saw was more turret fire splashing across my field of entry and I fought to keep some sense of my hand on the controls.
\par ... EVEL ...
\par \i Not \i0 ... \i NOW\i0 !
\par E ... EVELYN WHERE ARE YOU ...
\par \i STOP!!!\i0 
\par The shuttle was slipping. The autopilot was gone and those turrets were still firing, coming right toward me. There was just the barest idea of my hand on the pilot's console and I ...
\par Something was forcing its way inside my head and I felt it pushing me out of control.
\par No.
\par Not again.
\par I was reduced to the simplest, primal thoughts and they were totally focused on fighting back that intrusion. I felt myself screaming back and I couldn't tell if it was with my body or just inside my mind.
\par Rage.
\par White.
\par Pain.
\par Then it was like I'd grown a thousand times my own size and that thing was suddenly weak and powerless in comparison. I slapped it so hard with ethereal hands that it vanished completely, and I was in control of myself again.
\par For a brief moment, I could almost feel a hole there. Like a reverberation of that overwhelming force I'd used to eject dad from my head. A hole in my consciousness.
\par Then the cockpit came screaming back in existence around me and I was choking on my own tongue.
\par My hand pushed forward, and the shuttle dove. But not before a blast of turret fire struck home.
\par Everything went dark as the shuttle screamed out at me. I was dead and dad had been the one who'd ended up doing it ... after \i everything\i0  I'd already been through.
\par Dad.
\par The hull started to rip open. I felt the air whipping up to get sucked out as the shuttle split open up top like giant hands unwraveling a metal wrapper. I snatched at the hood on my suit and tried to pull it around my head before I was exposed to vacuum, but I was too slow.
\par Then the shuttle hit something.
\par Everything lurched, and I nearly forgot about the hull tearing open. The console blew up in my face and my restraints snapped as tight as they could, holding me in place. Resistance. I felt the hull collide and then slowly pass through something. It abruptly upended once it was through. Artificial gravity snatched the wrecked, flaming hulk and the cracked port view swerved from an open bay to the deck. Which we promptly crashed right into.\cf2\f1 
\par }
