{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Garamond;}}
{\colortbl ;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\cf1\lang1033\f0\fs22 
\par I almost didn't feel it. 
\par Peekay. 
\par Not until it hit me full force from the side.
\par Invisible hands snatched me right up off the ground and threw me sideways into the wall. I screamed too, but it was short-lived. The damp bulkhead smashing into my ribs cut me off quickly enough.
\par And then I just hung there. Defying artificial gravity.
\par One of those two stalked up to me. He had a hand up, and I could see his eyes glinting - squinting - in the dark. There was a whiff of bared teeth and a rictus grin in the low light as he looked up at me.
\par "This is going to be real easy for you now," he snarled up at me, looking pleased. His fingers and eyebrow twitched, and I slid up the wall just a little bit higher. "You see, you just have to stay - right - \i there\i0 ." 
\par My bones crunched harder into the metal, squeezing a small squeak out from my strangled lungs.
\par "And don't move," he cracked a smile at his own joke. "My friend here is going to do what he does best and perform some ... internal surgery ..."
\par The other one barked a laugh.
\par "Don't let 'im fool ya. It's really more art than science. What with me not bein' licensed and all."
\par "Not sure why," the first continued, flicking those fingers menacingly, "but your worth a good deal of money to someone." His friend slipped something from his coat into hand, and there was the glint of steel in the dark. "Really," the first shook his head with a heavy, satisfied breath. "I'm just glad we got to you first."
\par The other one came at me with a knife. Slowly. I saw it and started to freeze up before I even finished making the connection in my brain between what they were saying and what was about to happen. Eyes wide, and those grins grew as my realization did. I tried to squeak something out through my shriveled lungs, but it was claustrophobic with that crushing grip holding me fast.
\par He got closer, and I just stared. I felt myself slid back down until I was level with him, scraping against the bulkhead. He pulled back with that knife. I still didn't get it. Not until he thrust in at my guts.
\par For a second, things went black. And still.
\par Then I came back - and the knife was clattering away to the floor.
\par "God damnit."
\par One foot had swept up, around, and back down. It slapped the man's wrist and sent his knife flipping over and out of his fingers. He grabbed that hand with his other one, giving me an irritated look.
\par "You wanna hold her still, asshole?" he snapped back at the other.
\par My foot came up again before either of them could do anything, though, and snapped right into the knife-man's chest. He tumbled over backwards across the corridor into the opposite wall.
\par "Fucking \i bitch\i0 !"
\par He leapt back up and started to charge me with his bare hands.
\par "Hey! Get the fucking thing and cut her throat already!"
\par The knife-man reversed course with a grumble, and scrambled for his lost weapon. He ended up on his knees after a few seconds, kneeling down in the dark.
\par "Well?" the other one was demanding impatiently.
\par "Wasn't me, asshole. Fuckin' cunt kicked it down through the grates. I can't reach it."
\par "Well, get it!"
\par "Shut the fuck up! I'm trying."
\par That one man was straining an arm into the drainage gutters in the metal floor. It didn't seem to be doing him much good, though.
\par "I can't hold her here forever," the first said, clutching the side of his temple in one hand and starting to buckle under the pressure of holding my entire weight up with his mind. His eyes twitched, and I started to sag back down to the ground. I struggled.
\par "Fuck!" the one on his knees slapped the deck with both hands. He twisted his head back around toward the other, snarling, "I can't get it!"
\par "Fine."
\par The one holding me reeled back, and threw his hand forward. I bobbed with it, feeling bile bubble up in my throat. Before I even knew what was happening, I was hurtling away down the corridor into the black.
\par I screamed again before I hit the ground. It was too dark to see it coming and, for a moment, it felt like I was falling down a hole. Maybe I was. But then my shoulder hit metal, and I twisted over into the side of my face.
\par "Hey, what the fuck did you do that for?" echoed down after me, bouncing angrily off the walls.
\par "Shut your mouth. Here's your goddamned knife. Come on."
\par Footsteps again. I choked up some blood or something on the floor, and pushed myself up on my elbows. They were scraped up, but I couldn't feel it. My chest and ribs hurt most.
\par Somehow, I got my legs folded underneath me. My knees were still okay, and I climbed up on top of them until I was hunched over, unsteady on my feet. I cradled my side with one hand and looked back.
\par Those two weren't far behind. The knife-man looked like he was about to rush me as soon as he saw I was up and free. The other one held him back, looking a little shaky on his feet after that psychokinetic display. I turned around and just started hobbling further away.
\par "You had your chance."
\par Light erupted out of the dark. I blinked back over my shoulder in time to see fire washing wildy up someone's arm. "Woah!" came the startled yell, followed by a shaky laugh as he got it under control, forcing the fire down into a spinning ball inside one palm. His hand was gloved, and slick in the angry, flickering light.
\par That arm pitched back like he was about to chuck a ball after me. I got a good glimpse of their faces. No one I knew, or had ever seen before on Riftwatch. Then that light came flying after me.
\par I ran. My ribs stabbed into my lungs, but I ran. I charged down the tunnel, suddenly flying on my feet in the dark. It lit up. Heat scorched the whole way, howling right behind.
\par I dove. A pool of shadow opened up along one side, and I leapt for it. Too bad I came up short and hit the wall instead.
\par I bounced over into the ground, crying out. New bruises on top of the old ones. I hit the deck on my stomach, looked up, and then twisted instantly back down. Fire roared over my head, and lazily burst apart.
\par I screamed as it picked me up again and threw me away. Heat washed all over everywhere. I was dead. A million thoughts flashing through my mind were suddenly dashed by that one.
\par Burning to death.
\par And the last thing I got to hear were the sounds of my own shrill screaming, and those two laughing behind me.\cf2 
\par }
