{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil Garamond;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Garamond;}{\f2\fnil Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\cf1\lang1033\f0\fs22 
\par \f1 "Whaddya think? Dead?"
\par "I don't know. Probably."
\par "Well I hope not. I wanted to get in on this too, you know?"
\par "Think I'd cut you out for not cutting her throat?"
\par "Who knows with you, man."
\par "A job's a job."
\par "I hear that."
\par Voices.
\par Someone was talking. Close. Footsteps, too. They got closer, squelching against moisture on the floor and the heavy clack of steel grates. Echoes and dark. Low laughter. The smell of wet ash and smoke, thick in the air.
\par "Get her up."
\par "What? If she's still breathin' then it's my turn to-"
\par "Just fucking do it, damn it."
\par "Whatever. You better not-"
\par Two steps, really close. Right beside my ear. Boots, and the reek of damp mold. Hands reaching down. They grabbed me by the arm, and my eyes snapped open.
\par That arm twisted back, free hand slipping fast into the man's throat before he could blink. Crush the nose. Ankle around ankle. He was overextended, leaning forward. It took him right off his feet, and he plunged face-first into the deck.
\par "Fffffukk!"
\par I rolled up and over his back. The other one was just a step away. Both legs swung around, hard, and caught him beneath the shins. He toppled with a sharp cry. I twisted away again, threw myself into the deck, and pushed back up.
\par I had my feet - they had the ground. One with a broken nose, the other scrambling to get back up. He snarled at me as he did. Peekay again. You could always tell by that scrunching of the face. I sidestepped.
\par Air whistled past my ear. One of the lights behind winked out, crushed in on itself against the bulkhead. My hand was at my side next, slipping free the fighting stick there. And my thumb flicked the button on its side.
\par The one man finished the slow climb to his feet. Teeth still bared at me, he pulled his hand back and started squinting at me again - as hard as he could it looked like this time. Both ends of the stick shot out two feet to either side until I had the full staff in hand, though. Another second, and it brained him up one side of the head and down the other. And his head wasn't much good for anything more after that.
\par I took one look at the man bleeding out on the floor. He was whimpering a string of muted obscenities into a blood-washed hand on his back, oblivious. He didn't notice me stagger then, and nearly topple. And I pulled it together again long enough to whip the butt of the staff into his skull. 
\par Then he was out too.\cf2\f2 
\par }
