{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Garamond;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\cf1\lang1033\f0\fs22 
\par They weren't dead. 
\par Training had taken over ...
\par But they weren't dead. 
\par I slumped back against the bulkhead. My head felt lighter than air. And, somehow, I got numb fingers working enough to click the button on the staff again. It slid back into itself until it was only the foot-long stick in my hand once more.
\par It was dark, but I could see the subtle rise and fall of their breathing chests. The one gurgled loudly on his broken nose. I managed to kick out a feeble foot and send him over onto his side after a few tries. He stopped choking after that.
\par Maybe Jonathon had given me one too many lessons. Or just enough. Sparring with him had always been more fun than reading for hours on end anyways. But now, not so much. Sitting there staring dumbly at those two broken bodies ... I ... well -
\par Nothing. I didn't know \i what \i0 to think anymore.
\par Dad had told me once, long ago and a little while after he found out about Jonathon's own lessons on the side with me, to always keep that thing with me. He'd almost killed the other man when he had finally found out about him taking me on as a student on a whim - no matter that Jonathon was twice dad's size and all muscle. Jonathon never told me where he picked up all his tricks. He was as old as dad - as anyone in Riftwatch. But not always. And I never knew why he bothered with me. 
\par He'd never hurt me like that. \i I'd\i0  never hurt anyone like that.
\par Dad had told me to always keep that thing with me. I never really understood why. Maybe now, it made some sense. I don't know. Maybe not. I realized I still had that gun with me too. Good thing I had forgotten about it until then.
\par I got a sick feeling deep in the pit of my stomach, staring at those two on the ground and feeling like my hands were dirty.
\par I really didn't know what to think anymore.
\par It might have been a long time. Just sitting there, and staring. Much more than twenty minutes, I thought, but it was hard to know for sure. I found myself limping the rest of the way down the old maintenance tunnels towards the loading bays again some time later without really knowing how I'd gotten started. 
\par When I stumbled out into bay thirteen, I was still in a daze. Numb, and unfeeling. People were suddenly all around me again, bright lights shining everywhere now as the late-night shifts shouted and worked. Loading and unloading cargo shuttles from off-station. Making my head hurt.
\par For the longest time, no one seemed to notice me. Then Dane Fitzpatrick did.
\par "Oh my god, Weir ... what happened to you?"
\par I came up short when the old bay manager caught me by both shoulders with his hands, jolting me out of that fugue. I had worked for him plenty of times over the years and his eyes were wide and grave atop that recognition. 
\par "I'm okay, I just ..."
\par "Weir!"
\par He shook me again. I had started toward the floor without realizing it. There was too much empty space in there, and my head felt like it just couldn't fit it all. I tried to even out, easing myself down to the deck. But Fitzpatrick wasn't letting me.
\par "Hal! Kendrick!" he shouted at two men working a loader nearby. He waved them over impatiently with a heavy hand.
\par "Oh, what the hell, Dane," one yelled back at him.
\par The other, "What's up, boss?"
\par "Just get the hell over here!" Fitzpatrick snapped again.
\par And they gave me the same leery eye as the bay manager when they got close.
\par "What the hell happened to \i her\i0 ?"
\par "Where's Thaddeus?" Fitzpatrick ignored him, forcing me to shrug out of the rumpled, beaten up pack on my back. I managed to get down to my knees on the deck, but he wasn't letting me lie all the way down.
\par One of the two shrugged.
\par "Well, I saw him over near one of the shuttles. Go get him!"
\par The bay manager waved a hand that way.
\par "Hey. Hey!" I felt his hands trying to squeeze my arms, and he was moving his head to keep pace with my drooping eyes. Somehow, I was almost all the way down to the ground. He was gingerly holding my head up again.
\par "Stay with me, kid."
\par Another old man swam into view beyond Fitzpatrick at some point. This one was dressed in a long, elegant red coat over his clothes. He dipped his craggly face and white beard in where I could see it.
\par "Found her just like this, Thaddeus," the bay manager's voice floated about the head of the old man. "Came wandering in without a word to anyone until we caught her."
\par That old man stared at me for a moment. Thaddeus. The Head Archivist of Riftwatch. The thought that he was the last person on the station to be down there came slowly, inching across my brain. I blinked back up at him. 
\par Then someone else was at his side. He glanced that way.
\par "I think you've run out of time," the head archivist said, rasping out in his impossibly calm voice. "Wouldn't you agree?" 
\par It felt like the whole world was spinning on its side. For some reason, it only bothered me, though.
\par That other someone was too busy looking at me. And I just got a glimpse of him before winking out completely.
\par "He was right," that one said. 
\par Then I was gone.\cf2\f1 
\par }
