{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Garamond;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\cf1\lang1033\f0\fs22 
\par 
\par 
\par I watched, stunned and horrified, as that pulse round flew right at Miller's heart. A second one whistled closely after the first -- a little higher up toward his neck. I'd been a good shot at the Academy. One of the few things I'd actually been good at.
\par And, for the first time in my life, me being good at something actually got someone killed.
\par I watched, frozen in time for that second it took both those rounds to cross the distance between us across the shuttle bay deck. Miller's hand had come up on reflex -- as if he could stop them from ripping right through his light coat and into the vulnerable flesh below. I watched, as I shot a fellow cadet in cold blood.
\par And ... I missed.
\par Those pulse rounds both screamed at Mills until they were inches away. He'd moved his hand fast enough to put it between them and his unprotected chest. They should've ripped right into his palm and fingers instead. They should have maybe taken his hand right off at the bone.
\par I had turned the pistol up to its deadliest setting when I'd been imagining pirates -- or worse -- breaking into the shuttle bay to kill me. Those pulse rounds should have torn right through the man standing there. But they didn't.
\par They flew at Miller, and then abruptly diverted either way around him. They cut through another thirty meters or so of open bay before crashing loudly and forcefully into the side of one of those half-loaded shuttles. Enough to punch a hole right through the unarmored hull.
\par Time returned to normal, and I was left standing there staring at that startled look on Mill's face. For what felt like forever, he didn't move or say anything -- like he was waiting for something. Then I realized that I was still pointing the pistol at him and abruptly let go. It fell from my numb fingers down to the clatter on the deck.
\par That hand that Mills had first been using to protect himself, and then stretched out toward me like he was pleading not to be shot again, now took on a concerned posture in line with the look on his face. "Evelyn, are you injured?"
\par I could have laughed in his face at that, but I was still too in shock. Instead I just shook my head, and felt myself slumping back against the terminal behind me, sliding down toward my butt on the deck. The bay was still empty except for us. I hadn't even heard him come in.
\par He seemed to hesitate for a moment longer, waiting to see if I was still ready to pick up that gun and take another stab at killing him with it, probably. Then he hastily covered the distance between us, sweeping up the pistol in one hand, and crouching down in front of me. He obviously didn't believe me when I shook my head no at him, because he pulled my suit open enough to get a look at that piss-poor bandage job I'd done for the wound there. His blue-eyed gaze studied it in silence for a few seconds before coming back to me.
\par "Where have you been?" he asked. "The station has been under attack for over an hour."
\par "That's it?" I laughed, thinking so much more time must have passed since I'd been sucked through some hole in space and time and vomited back out in that open tomb of a nightmare horror show. "I don't know," I added with another helpless shake of my head, gesturing with one hand toward my crashed, stolen shuttle. "Out there."
\par He looked that way, briefly, frowning and probably not understanding completely, though the state of the shuttle might have helped a little. If I'd been paying attention, I might have wondered at that strangely professional calm that suffused him. Like a veteran soldier many years his senior in the field, dealing with a crisis as long-time soldiers do. I'd seen it plenty of times before in the more battle-hardened marines and naval crewman. People who'd seen the last Tau war or enough skirmishes with pirates. So unlike the bumbling, awkward cadet I'd spent the last six months in training with. I still remembered him nearly puking into his faceplate on the last training exercise we'd done together -- even though it seemed like a lifetime ago now.
\par But I wasn't paying attention. I just sat there trying to shake off the deathly cold certainty that one of those things had been right there where Mills had been, waiting to eat me too.
\par "Evelyn!"
\par Mills was trying to get my attention. When I hadn't responded at first, he grabbed me by the chin with one, firm hand and forced me to look at him.
\par "We need to get you out of here. Come on."
\par He pulled me to my feet, taking the pistol he'd stolen from me and stuffing it in his belt where he had another one holstered that I'd never seen before. He replaced mine with that one, glancing around the shuttle bay quickly before coming back to me again.
\par "We can use one of these shuttles," he told me. "If we can get out of range of their signal jammers, we can send a message to the nearest listening station and get in touch with a f-"
\par He cut himself off when he saw me shaking my head.
\par "What?"
\par I looked at him. "Tess," I said, breathing out hard. "I have to make sure she's okay."
\par It took him a second to register that. 
\par "Your friend?" he asked, and then shook his head, grabbing my arm to pull me toward one of the shuttles. "We don't have time to risk it. Every second we waste is another Admiral Corinth's men are gunning down this station. We have to go. Now."
\par But I broke free and snatched my arm back.
\par "You go," I told him, and I took a step back. Toward the nearest bay doors. "Get help -- do what you need to do. I have to find Tess and my dad."
\par I turned around and started towad the bay doors, but Mills staked after me and grabbed my shoulder roughly to stop me again.
\par "Your father can take care of himself," he said like it was the most obvious thing in the world. "And we'll sort your friend out later. Right now, \i you\i0  are the priority."
\par "What? What do you mean?"
\par "I'll explain later," he told me impatiently. "When we're safely away."
\par "No!" 
\par I broke free once more and put a step between us. A whole bunch of questions started to flood my mind as I suddenly thought about what was going on here. 
\par "Why are you doing here, Mills?" I demanded. "How did you even find me?"
\par Memories of those two men in my room came rushing to the forefront of my mind, and remembering what they had said about taking me alive. I became painfully aware of my only weapon now resting on the man's hip, while he held another in hand. It wasn't pointed at me yet -- but it could be. Easily. And I waffled between putting more distance between us and staying close enough to stop him if he tried to use it on me.
\par "Evelyn," he started again, giving me a determined look so alien to the sidekick-like shadow to the muscle-bound Hammer I'd known before. "I promise I'll explain, if you'll give me a chance ... but \i not\i0  here, and \i not\i0  right now."
\par "You're ... with \i them\i0 ." I accused, realizing what must be going on now. It felt surreal. "Aren't you?" Could he really have been spying on me this whole time? Just to get at dad?
\par "\i Who\i0 ?" he started to demand, but then shook his head irritably instead. "Evelyn, I don't know what you think is going on, but you're wron-"
\par "They were in my room earlier," I snapped at him, wondering abruptly if I shouldn't have been less relieved I hadn't shot him after all. "How did they know where to find me? How did they get past my lock?"
\par "I don't know who y-"
\par "Who \i are\i0  you people? What do you want from me? What did my father even \i do\i0  to you?"
\par He'd gotten me to let him into dad's quarters. He'd used me to get in close, but he hadn't been able to do anything then. His disappointment took on a whole new light when I realized just what he had really been about there.
\par "Evelyn ..." He shoved a hand in my face to stop me, but I was waiting for him to pull the gun on me and I snatched it at the wrist out of reflex, twisting. He cried out in surprise and I hesitated as my brain caught up and I realized he hadn't been trying to attack me. It was all the chance he needed, though, to break out and shove me away.
\par I tripped over my own feet and toppled over backwards to the deck. The wound in my side screamed out at me as I tried to roll over onto it and get back up, and I ended up just wincing and baring my teeth at the deck for a second there. Long enough for Mills to come up behind me. He \i was\i0  holding the pistol out at me now.
\par "I'm sorry, Evelyn," he said as I glanced up at the him and he barrel from the floor, "but we don't have time to sit here and argue about this." I saw him flick his thumb back to lower the power on the burst to something less than lethal.
\par I didn't have time to close my eyes before he started to squeeze that trigger. 
\par So I didn't miss his body suddenly launching itself sideways into the air and catapulting away across the shuttle bay.
\par I twisted around in surprise, watching Mills fly into the wall beside the nearest bay doors and crumple like a sack of meet, upside-down to the deck. Then I heard something moving in the wreckage of the shuttle where I'd crashed it through the bay shields and into the deck. I looked back that way and ... 
\par Komi was picking her blackened and bloodied body out of the wreck.
\par I stared.
\par I stared at her for a long time.
\par The other woman managed to pull herself away from the shuttle, moving towards me across the chamber. It was surreal again ... watching my rackmate from the Academy stumble her way determinedly from a crash that probably should have killed her. It occurred to me that she might have been that woman with the familiar-sounding voice back in the shuttle, but I hadn't bothered to take the time to get a good look at her while I was making my escape. It hadn't been important at the time.
\par Now, I watched as she made her way inexorably toward me like a force of nature while I lay there unarmed against the deck. She was wearing a uniform I didn't recognize immediately, but was definitely from one of the fleets. She didn't say anything. She just kept moving toward me.
\par Something about the way she was looking at me terrified me. It shook me right out of my shock and I realized that it was her who had thrown Mills across the room. I had spent half a year watching her train -- we had been in every lesson together, side by side -- and I had \i never \i0 seen her show that kind of power before. It made me question whether it was really even her or maybe just some kind of paranoid delusion like everything else.
\par \i Does it matter\i0 ?
\par No. I was pretty sure it didn't.
\par Instinct told me to move. Fear made me want to run and I scrambled backwards to get away from her. Mills had taken my pistol -- the one I'd stolen from her in the first place -- and I had never had any psychokinetic abilities manifest in training. The terrible truth of being such an outright failure at it had never horrified me more than it did right now ... when I was pretty sure she was going to crush me like an insect there on the deck.
\par "No. Weir," she said as I kept scooting back against the floor, her voice definitely Komi's, but coming out labored and choppy. "You're coming with me."
\par She lifted a hand covered in blackened blood and burns and I suddenly felt my body lifting up off the ground of its own accord. The air solidified around me into a moving, impassable force that pushed me up so that I was standing again. I tried to move, but it closed around me in an invisible shroud that kept me fixed in place. A pang of claustrophobia swirled into the mix of panic that was already filling my head.
\par "K- ... K- ... \i Komi\i0 !"
\par I managed to just barely gasp out. My head was held fast too, and the air binding me in place wasn't letting me breathe. I struggled to look at the other woman.
\par "Don't call me that."
\par She turned her back on me and started toward one of the shuttles. Just like Mills had wanted to. Except she had me trapped inside an invisible case of hardened air that dragged me helplessly along with her. I tried to fight it, but I'd \i seen\i0  non-psychos try to fight fully-trained psychokinetics on vids. And they always made it seem like the wrath of some kind of demigod. As much as they romanticized it for the audience, it wasn't too far from the truth.\cf2\f1 
\par }
