{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Garamond;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\cf1\highlight0\lang1033\f0\fs22 
\par 
\par 
\par The were bodies all over the floor. Soldiers, mostly -- marines and security bots that must have been counterattacking. But civilians too. People who'd gotten caught up in the crossfire.
\par I froze up outside the bay, locking eyes with a dead woman on the floor who'd been cleaved through the clavicle, nearly sawing her entire arm off from the shoulder. The pirates were fond of using molecular weapons in their boarding parties. Along with personal shield gens, it let them make short work of standard marine details without the newer close quarters combat arsenals. And those weapons weren't powered by shenlizite fuel cells.
\par That sight made me suddenly remember Bertram cutting of on the call. I didn't see some facelss stranger there on the floor anymore. I saw Tess.
\par "Keep moving!"
\par Miller grabbed me by the arm, nearly taking me off my feet as he pulled me into the corridor outside. I became aware of more fighting somewhere close by, but there was no way to tell with how the sounds bounced off the bulkheads around us. Riftwatch was a big station with thousands and thousands of personnel and residents aboard, but it was still hard to feel like anyone was left alive in all this mess of corpses and fighting. Only logic hissed at me that the attacking force was too small to kill everyone so fast without just blowing up the whole station. But that didn't make it any better.
\par Mills dragged me down one corridor I didn't recognize at first with all the dead and plasma-blackened walls and into another, pistol out and checking corners quickly as we went. He wasn't panicking or awkward. The Mills I'd known should have been. But this wasn't the Mills I knew.
\par I wondered, in a haze of shock and bewilderment from everything that had hust happened and \i been\i0  happening since I woke up missing chunks of memory, why he seemed to be trying to protect me instead of kidnap me like everyone else. Even Komi -- and that thought still didn't fit into my brain right. The other woman had taken me with psychokinesis and there hadn't been a damn thing I could do about it. That feeling of utter helplessness without even understanding why it was happening in the first place started to cast Mills in a much more favorable light by comparison. I hadn't seen it, but I was pretty sure the only reason I made it out of there was because of him. Like Kom, I supposed, he was much more powerful than he had ever let on at the Academy.
\par Like Komi. 
\par \i "Don't call me that."\i0 
\par Or whoever the hell she was supposed to really be. I might have killed her with that knife.
\par And, like Komi, I had \i no\i0  idea why I was so important to him either. He said he would explain later, once we were away from the station. Why? Why was he acting like it was his \i mission\i0  to get me off that station?
\par Then I remembered what he'd said about one of the Grand Admirals. Which one? I couldn't remember. I hadn't been paying enough attention to \i that\i0  part of it. But if he wasn't lying about it, it \i did\i0  mean one of the admirals was making some sort of political move on the station. Who knew why -- certainly not \i me\i0  -- but that also meant I was either important to that admiral or someone working for him in order for all these people to be trying to kidnap me. And that probably meant Mills was working for one of the other ones -- one who, for some reason, didn't want the first admiral to get me. Not that that meant anything better to me at the moment. Who knew what that \i other \i0 admiral wanted with me? And why the \i hell\i0  were two admirals even fighting over me in the first place? It didn't make any fucking sense!
\par Those men had wanted me alive. Komi had wanted me alive. Mills too, even if he was being less violent about it. So far. Komi had been my best friend in my small, little world for six months without Tess, and that woman back there had been an entirely different person. Who \i else\i0  was going to suddenly pop up out of nowhere and tell me they were lying about who they really were all along? 
\par Dad? 
\par \i Bertram\i0 ? 
\par ... Tess?
\par No. I could trust Tess. I \i had\i0  to. I'd known her too long for her to be anyone else but who she always had been, and I relaly needed some shred of sanity in all this mess right now. She couldn't be dead. She just couldn't be.
\par "We'll have to get over to the next closest bay that isn't already a warzone," Mills was whispering at me as he held back, glancing warily around into a thoroughfare that sounded like it had people moving along in there. He waited until the sound died off before pulling me out into the open with him. And I got a good eyeful of the dead and dying clogging the way ahead.
\par "Boarders are all over this part of the station so we'll have to move fast."
\par "Tess ..." 
\par I opened my mouth, her name cracking as it came out as I smelled the thick scent of burning plasma and blood in the air.
\par "I have to find Tess."
\par Miller didn't even stop to look back at me while he said, "If we're going to risk finding \i anyone\i0  at all ... it's your father."
\par That threw me from the image of him as an agent for some other high-ranking officer trying to capture me for that one instead. Until I remembered that this had to have something to do with dad anyways. And Miller was a full-blooded psychokinetic too. He'd turned my misfires aside in the bay like someone with practice. He could just try to use me against dad before he even got me off the station.
\par It didn't quite fit. Not if I took his earnestness for what it was. But I still had no idea of his real reasons for dragging me out of here. I didn't want to die, but I wasn't about to leave Tess to either. I shook my head.
\par When Miller tried to pull me down a side corridor away from the thoroughfare, I took the chance to break free of him and break into a run ahead instead. I could find Bertram's -- where Tess would most likely be. I could lose Mills and hide.
\par I sprinted down the thoroughfare, leaping over bodies without seeing them for what they were. I made it about ten meters, flying like those things from the tower were right behind me again, before I felt a pulse round hit my back.
\par My whole body seized up and went numb. I twisted around, flying face-first into the deck, tumbling over legs and arms from dead marines as I went. And I thought, for a split second before I finally hit the ground, that Mills had killed me rather than let me escape. If the stakes were that high, I'd been screwed from the start.
\par I came to rest, the wind knocked out of me so hard that I couldn't even gag on the smell of burned flesh. It wasn't mine, though. My head spun, but my nerves were dead around that spot where he'd shot me. I knew what a stun round felt like. The Academy had made sure of that liberally in training.
\par I was lying on the deck on my stomach still when someone finally came up behind me. 
\par "I'm sorry, Evelyn," the man was saying. I numbly felt his hands reach down and hoist me up from the floor.
\par "\i Fuck\i0  you, Mills!" I snarled back athim through clenched teeth squashed flat against the deck.
\par He picked my limp, seizing body up and threw it over his shoulders in the trooper carry like they'd had us do in training a thousand times before. I'd had to run with Komi on my back like that for so long sometimes I'd felt like I would die. But I was no trouble for Mills, apparently. Just inconvenient. He turned back and made his way to that other corridor with me in tow like before, only this time I couldn't exactly say no.\cf2\f1 
\par }
