{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Garamond;}}
{\colortbl ;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\cf1\lang1033\f0\fs22 
\par Once his daughter was out, Nolan Weir bent down to touch her head with his hand. The bay manager stared for a few seconds longer before rounding on his two dockhands.
\par "Hal?"
\par "Boss?"
\par "Go figure out what burned her up like this and shut it down," he thrust an arm the way she must have come. "Kendrick?"
\par "Yeah?"
\par "Get back to work."
\par Both men trudged off in different directions, Kendrick muttering under his breath. Fitzpatrick came back around.
\par "I'm real sorry about this, Doc," he apologized, looking distraught. His hands twitched as if he wanted to wring his own hair out in despair at that sight. "Not sure what could have done something like this around here. I mean, I know those fucking - excuse me, Doc - those \i fucking\i0  exhaust ports don't have the best shielding and," he hesitated, "you know ... but this ... I can't even say ... god, I'm sorry, Doc ..."
\par Nolan didn't look at him, checking over the girl instead. "It's not your fault, Mr. Fitzpatrick," he told him simply after a time, peeling back open that ragged old brown jacket of hers to get a better look. There was a lot of scarring. Burns covered her face and hands. The pack he had given her had taken the brunt of it from the skin on the back of her neck down to the shoulders where it stopped, but it was a small favor. And there was the heady smell of smoke about the rest of her.
\par He looked down at that mess. And kept his face straight.
\par "What can you do for her, Thaddeus?" he asked back at the other man. The head archivist studied her broken form with a critical eye. A few seconds, and then he sighed aloud.
\par "She'll lose a lot of how it happened and probably everything after," he explained clinically. "Maybe a few minutes before too. There is no way to know for certain in matters like this."
\par "That's fine," Nolan told him, still not taking his eyes away. There was more to it than that, but the other would never say so. "She's better off not knowing." And they were both content to leave it at that. "Let's get somewhere out of sight."
\par Fitzpatrick led them to his office with little prompting. Nolan lowered his daughter down onto the man's desk after scattering the various things there to the floor, ordering the bay manager to wait outside. He shut the door behind him, and Weir looked up across the unconscious girl's body to the head archivist.
\par The older man shrugged his shoulders behind, puffing out at his white beard and moustaches. He took a deep breath, settling the space around him. Then, without another word, he bent over across from Weir and put his hands on the girl.
\par Nolan waited patiently while Thaddeus closed his eyes and his whole face scrunched up into a mass of liver-spotted skin and worn old wrinkles. Minutes passed. They dragged on, and neither man moved. The blood drained from Thaddeus' face. Nolan only started to genuinely feel it after hunching over there long enough for his bones to ache. 
\par Things began to shift.
\par It started in her hands. Nolan watched as black, charred flesh knitted itself slowly back together. Veins popped out beneath the skin, red and angry. They crept back up her arms beneath the tattered sleeves of her jacket, muscles tensing hard behind. Her hands curled into little claws. By the time it reached her spine, her entire body was convulsing like it would tear itself apart.
\par Nolan waited. If the girl had been awake, she would have been screaming. As it was, he could all but feel the agony of it just in the watching. Thaddeus continued his work, brow lowered in concentration. When the burns on her neck started to slip away into clean, pink flesh once more, the old man was shivering himself. Shaking, by the time all that was left was the faintest white as of old scars. And Evelyn was foaming at the mouth when the old man finally collapsed.
\par Nolan turned the girl's head aside to stop her choking. Her whole body arched violently before she collapsed herself. And they were some of the most terrible moments of his life he spent waiting then. For her heart to start beating again. Her heart that had been pumping so fast the past few minutes that it might have burst inside her chest. And if not that, her mind might have just seized up instead.
\par  He looked back up to Thaddeus, and the old man was just barely holding himself up by his elbows against the deck to the other side of the girl. The veins were black beneath his papery flesh, and he was twitching badly. It took a long time for it to pass. For both of them. But the girl abruptly started breathing again.
\par "Thank you," Weir said, hugging the girl's unconscious head to him in the next instant. Thaddeus might have nodded. Or convulsed again. It was hard to know for sure.
\par By then, there was a knock on the door and Hal Fengler was back and outside when Nolan went to open it. He had another man with him as well. That one hung back a step at the sight of Nolan Weir's daughter hanging limp and apparently lifeless, but whole now, in his arms and the head archivist bent over on his knees on the deck. Hal did a double-take on his own on looking in. But he knew better than to question the doings of men like Weir and Thaddeus.
\par "Found the hatch to the maintenance tunnels open," the man said instead, sticking a thumb back over his shoulder. "Looks like someone cracked the combo on it."
\par Nolan looked to Fitzpatrick and the bay manager bobbed his head at Fengler. "Thanks, Hal," he said. And dismissed the men.
\par He shook his head, deflating at the radical change in the girl's condition.
\par "I'll call the Watch and have them get some boys down there to check it out."
\par "Please do." \cf2 
\par }
