{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Garamond;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\cf1\lang1033\f0\fs22 
\par 
\par 
\par The were bodies all over the floor. Soldiers, mostly -- marines and security bots that must have been counterattacking. But civilians too. People who'd gotten caught up in the crossfire.
\par I froze up outside the bay, locking eyes with a dead woman on the floor who'd been cleaved through the clavicle, nearly sawing her entire arm off from the shoulder. The pirates were fond of using molecular weapons in their boarding parties. Along with personal shield gens, it let them make short work of standard marine details without the newer close quarters combat arsenals. And those weapons weren't powered by shenlizite fuel cells.
\par That sight made me suddenly remember Bertram cutting of on the call. I didn't see some facelss stranger there on the floor anymore. I saw Tess.
\par "Keep moving!"
\par Miller grabbed me by the arm, nearly taking me off my feet as he pulled me into the corridor outside. I became aware of more fighting somewhere close by, but there was no way to tell with how the sounds bounced off the bulkheads around us. Riftwatch was a big station with thousands and thousands of personnel and residents aboard, but it was still hard to feel like anyone was left alive in all this mess of corpses and fighting. Only logic hissed at me that the attacking force was too small to kill everyone so fast without just blowing up the whole station. But that didn't make it any better.
\par Mills dragged me down one corridor I didn't recognize at first with all the dead and plasma-blackened walls and into another, pistol out and checking corners quickly as we went. He wasn't panicking or awkward. The Mills I'd known should have been. But this wasn't the Mills I knew.
\par I wondered, in a haze of shock and bewilderment from everything that had hust happened and \i been\i0  happening since I woke up missing chunks of memory, why he seemed to be trying to protect me instead of kidnap me like everyone else. Even Komi -- and that thought still didn't fit into my brain right. The other woman had taken me with psychokinesis and there hadn't been a damn thing I could do about it. That feeling of utter helplessness without even understanding why it was happening in the first place started to cast Mills in a much more favorable light by comparison. I hadn't seen it, but I was pretty sure the only reason I made it out of there was because of him. Like Kom, I supposed, he was much more powerful than he had ever let on at the Academy.
\par Like Komi. 
\par \i "Don't call me that."\i0 
\par Or whoever the hell she was supposed to really be. I might have killed her with that knife.
\par And, like Komi, I had \i no\i0  idea why I was so important to him either. He said he would explain later, once we were away from the station. Why? Why was he acting like it was his \i mission\i0  to get me off that station?
\par Then I remembered what he'd said about one of the Grand Admirals. Which one? I couldn't remember. I hadn't been paying enough attention to \i that\i0  part of it. But if he wasn't lying about it, it \i did\i0  mean one of the admirals was making some sort of political move on the station. Who knew why -- certainly not \i me\i0  -- but that also meant I was either important to that admiral or someone working for him in order for all these people to be trying to kidnap me. And that probably meant Mills was working for one of the other ones -- one who, for some reason, didn't want the first admiral to get me. Not that that meant anything better to me at the moment. Who knew what that \i other \i0 admiral wanted with me? And why the \i hell\i0  were two admirals even fighting over me in the first place? It didn't make any fucking sense!
\par Those men had wanted me alive. Komi had wanted me alive. Mills too, even if he was being less violent about it. So far. Komi had been my best friend in my small, little world for six months without Tess, and that woman back there had been an entirely different person. Who \i else\i0  was going to suddenly pop up out of nowhere and tell me they were lying about who they really were all along? 
\par Dad? 
\par \i Bertram\i0 ? 
\par ... Tess?
\par No. I could trust Tess. I \i had\i0  to. I'd known her too long for her to be anyone else but who she always had been, and I relaly needed some shred of sanity in all this mess right now. She couldn't be dead. She just couldn't be.
\par "We'll have to get over to the next closest bay that isn't already a warzone," Mills was whispering at me as he held back, glancing warily around into a thoroughfare that sounded like it had people moving along in there. He waited until the sound died off before pulling me out into the open with him. And I got a good eyeful of the dead and dying clogging the way ahead.
\par "Boarders are all over this part of the station so we'll have to move fast."
\par "Tess ..." 
\par I opened my mouth, her name cracking as it came out as I smelled the thick scent of burning plasma and blood in the air.
\par "I have to find Tess."
\par Miller didn't even stop to look back at me while he said, "If we're going to risk finding \i anyone\i0  at all ... it's your father."
\par That threw me from the image of him as an agent for some other high-ranking officer trying to capture me for that one instead. Until I remembered that this had to have something to do with dad anyways. And Miller was a full-blooded psychokinetic too. He'd turned my misfires aside in the bay like someone with practice. He could just try to use me against dad before he even got me off the station.
\par It didn't quite fit. Not if I took his earnestness for what it was. But I still had no idea of his real reasons for dragging me out of here. I didn't want to die, but I wasn't about to leave Tess to either. I shook my head.
\par When Miller tried to pull me down a side corridor away from the thoroughfare, I took the chance to break free of him and break into a run ahead instead. I could find Bertram's -- where Tess would most likely be. I could lose Mills and hide.
\par I sprinted down the thoroughfare, leaping over bodies without seeing them for what they were. I made it about ten meters, flying like those things from the tower were right behind me again, before I felt a pulse round hit my back.
\par My whole body seized up and went numb. I twisted around, flying face-first into the deck, tumbling over legs and arms from dead marines as I went. And I thought, for a split second before I finally hit the ground, that Mills had killed me rather than let me escape. If the stakes were that high, I'd been screwed from the start.
\par I came to rest, the wind knocked out of me so hard that I couldn't even gag on the smell of burned flesh. It wasn't mine, though. My head spun, but my nerves were dead around that spot where he'd shot me. I knew what a stun round felt like. The Academy had made sure of that liberally in training.
\par I was lying on the deck on my stomach still when someone finally came up behind me. 
\par "I'm sorry, Evelyn," the man was saying. I numbly felt his hands reach down and hoist me up from the floor.
\par "\i Fuck\i0  you, Miller!" I snarled back athim through clenched teeth squashed flat against the deck.
\par He picked my limp, seizing body up and threw it over his shoulders in the trooper carry like they'd had us do in training a thousand times before. I'd had to run with Komi on my back like that for so long sometimes I'd felt like I would die. But I was no trouble for Mills, apparently. Just inconvenient. He turned back and made his way to that other corridor with me in tow like before, only this time I couldn't exactly say no.
\par Miller kept on, setting as brisk a pace as he could with me dangling from his shoulders  and worrying about boarders crawling the station in marauding packs ahead. We must have been getting close to the fighting because I swear I could hear them just out of sight, around the corner, or in forced-open rooms off to the sides of us. It felt like Mills kept us just barely ahead of them colliding with us in the open and I could tell he was trying to detour as much as possible while still heading to the next closest shuttle bay, but there was only so much he coul do. 
\par It seemed pretty inevitable that he ended up trying to dash quickly into another side corridor and ran into a couple armed men without any uniforms instead. They had pried open a power cell junction with molecular axes and looked like they were raiding it for shenlizite. That was what they did. Attacked, killed, and took all the power cells. They'd said there was a mass shortage of the stuff, but you'd never know it here on a military installation. The Grand Admirals had their stockpiles prepared long ago.
\par Mills stopped dead in his tracks, barely missing a beat before backpedaling the way we had come. But not before firing his pistol off a few times. He got the closest pirate in the back of the head before that one could even reach for his ax or pull the sidearm at his hip. And Miller was leaping back and circling around before the others could even catch him.
\par I'd never seen one of the pirates up close before, only in vids during training or on the news. I remembered that ship that attacked us on the way home and realized that was the closest I'd ever come to facing them before now. It felt surreal, watching helplessly as they raided and gutted the only home I'd known before my bunk at the academy. This place was supposed to be a fortress. Impervious.
\par I could almost throw up.
\par They didn't catch us. Mills was breathing hard, labored breaths and hiding in the recesses of an unopened door while I heard them pass us in the main thoroughfare. We were in the thick of the assault I'd seen before, and those pirates were all over the place. I'd been staring certain death in the face so many times over the past few hours that I was almost numb to how easily a larger group could stumble upon us and cleave us there in two.
\par Feeling had started to come back to me where Mills had shot that pulse round at my back. It wasn't long after those raiders passed and we were moving on again that I felt like I could even move reliably again. I didn't struggle, though. I wasn't sure \i what\i0  I could do now that we were in the middle of everything without getting myself killed in the effort. Asmuch as I'd sat there fuming in impotent silence for the past few minutes while Miller snuck through the forefront of the attack, I knew that he was probably the only person who wouldn't kill me on sight now. Whatever Komi, or those two men, or anyone had wanted with kidnapping me, I somehow doubted these pirate grunts would think twice about seeing us or know anything about it. No, I could worry about getting away again later. When I was safely out of this nightmare.
\par I thought we were getting close to the next shuttle bay when we stumbled into another gang of boarders. This time, there were a \i lot\i0 . At least a dozen. Mills had been careful enough to hear them, but he had only had enough time to duck to the left side of the corridor we'd been racing down before they were in the open and coming at us. At first, I thought he'd keep running, but they were jogging down that hall toward us and covering too much ground too fast. Instead, he flattened me and himself against the wall as much as he could, waiting those few seconds before their first rank passed us.
\par I held my breath.
\par One rank.
\par Two.
\par Five.
\par Some of them looked down our corridor as they passed, but we were flush against the wall and already behind their line of sight as they put their heads on a swivel. None of them seemed to see us. I was afraid to look at them, thinking that would somehow alert them to our presence there, but it was hard not to. It was the first chance I'd ever gotten to see one of the dreaded pirates up close before -- without getting cleaved in half.
\par They wore armor, unlike those recruitment vids had always shown them -- Dreggoran marines cutting through them easily. It was light, but looked sturdy enough to withstand some small arms fire. And if you weren't too naive watching those vids, you'd have started to wonder why the Grand Admirals needed so many more recruits to fight them. I had. Now here, in front of me, was part of the reason why. Their bloody handiwork against one of the most fortified outposts in the sector was all around us.
\par The rank and file passing by us was in fierce contrast to the disorganized rabble that the training officers had always called them. Marauding bands of criminals weren't supposed to look like that. Outlaws didn't have the battle-tested look of ex-soldiers or mercenaries in formation. Those men and women double-timing past us with their sidearms and their shields and their molecular weapons at the ready looked more like part of an invading army than pirates stripping a ship for valuables. 
\par Mills had said something about an Admiral's men attacking the station, but I didn't see any Dreggoran uniforms on the ones rushing past us now. But Komi had been wearing one. And that cruiser I'd crashed into outside had been bigger than any ship I'd ever seen ID'ed on the training vids.
\par I swear it had been a platoon that had marched past us. Once they were gone and safely out of sight, Mills was peeking around the corner. I felt his hand grabbing mine of a sudden and I was jarred back to him looking very earnestly into my eyes.
\par "I need you to trust me right now," he told me with some severity that made it hard to resist. But it was hard not to forget him shooting me in the back.
\par "Just a little while longer," he added. Then pressed my gun back into my hand. "If you don't, then we're both dead."
\par I looked down at that pistol. Felt the weight of it. That reassuring sense of security, having it suddenly back at hand.
\par And contemplated shooting Miller right then and there.
\par He saw that thought in my head. I \i know\i0  he did. But it didn't matter. Now wasn't the time. Not yet.
\par I looked back up at him to nod my head in some silent understanding that I wouldn't turn on him here and now that we were in too deep to risk it. I wasn't stupid. But he wasn't looking at me anymore. He was looking away down the corridor behind me.
\par I twisted my head around to follow his gaze and--
\par Komi.
\par The woman was standing there. Thirty meters or so where this corridor lost itself into the bend of another thoroughfare beyond. There weren't that many bodies littered about here, but it was enough to see that walking corpse at the end. And I would have thought that she was a corpse just then -- I had seen one once already just get up and start trying to claw my face off -- had it not been for that furious light blazing bright in her eyes as she stared at us.
\par "Hurry," was all Mills said, pulling himself and me back to our feet at the same time. A split second later, Komi was in motion and a ball of fire exploded in the corridor around us. 
\par I pulled myself around the corner just as Miller leapt ahead of me. We both hit the ground, feeling the reverberations of that explosion shake the bulkheads to either side. Before it could even clear, I was scrambling back to my feet and throwing myself away from that place with Komi. Mills wasn't far behind me.
\par "Go, go, go!"
\par He didn't have to yell that to get me moving. I \i knew\i0  who Komi was coming for, and apparently big fucking knives to the chest weren't enough to stop her. We raced ahead, stumbling over bodies and heedless of any further stealth in getting out of here.
\par Pirates wandered into our path. Men in uniform too. Mills gunned down or psychokinetically tossed them aside. I started to follow suit, helping cut a haphazard path forward now with my own gun.
\par We detoured, Mills ducking down a corridor to one side and hauling me bodily along with him.
\par Once.
\par Twice.
\par Again.
\par I got so turned around and lost that I wasn't sure which way we were going anymore. And I had to trust that Miller knew. I \i hoped\i0  he knew.
\par Komi was right behind us the whole way, just a split second too late to fry our asses in the open again almost every time. Somehow, after everything she'd been through, she kept up with us. Somehow, and that scared me even more than seeing her climb out of that ruined shuttle. She should have been dead. She \i should\i0  have been dead.
\par We were both getting tired.
\par Mills finally made a mistake, crashing body first into a man who stepped around a corner in front of him. His momentum threw me forward and I tripped over a dead marine on the ground. Before I could twist back around and see what had happened, though, Miller had a gun at that other man and shot him. It somehow went wide.
\par And by the time I came back around, it was to see Mills being dangled in the air by his throat.
\par \cf2\f1 
\par }
