{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil Garamond;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Garamond;}{\f2\fnil Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\cf1\lang1033\f0\fs22 
\par \f1 "This escalated quickly, Nolan." 
\par Thaddeus chimed in then from inside the office once the bay manager was gone. He glanced up from under those thick, white eyebrows. It was still a struggle for him, but he managed. That rasping voice was low, even for him.
\par "First the message from Anders. Now an attack here on the station the very same day." He sucked in a heady breath, still holding his face up from the ground.
\par Weir looked down on the girl in his arms, remembering the burn pattern. Too clumsy and unfocused for a common firebolt sidearm. An explosion would have done it. Some incendiary tech perhaps, or Pyschopyresis. Either way, it was not an inexpensive assassin to buy.
\par "What do you think, Thaddeus?" Weir asked the older man.
\par "Twenty years is a long time," the head archivist rasped.
\par Nolan merely canted his head. "I agree."
\par "The other side has not merely waited all this time."
\par "No," he assented, but time had more value to him and had therefore been used more industriously. He started toward the door with the unconscious girl still in his arms.  Thaddeus managed to pick himself up, and hobble along after.
\par Outside, the midnight work crews were minding themselves as they went about loading and unloading the night's shipments through the bay from Geise Hub. He would have chosen a better hour and had the place cleared if at all possible, but the sudden missive had not allowed for much time.
\par There was a small shuttle hidden away behind stacks of cargo crates and barrels that never moved in the farthest corner of the bay. Its complement was full, and had been kept so for more than fifteen years now. Nolan checked the manifest manually anyways. Dane Fitzpatrick had been useful in maintaining that craft with tacit discretion for a long time, but there was no room for mistakes in the last hour.
\par "Have you decided where you will go yet?" the head archivist asked, hanging back near the shuttle's open hatch while Weir performed a similar check on all the internal systems. The older man had recomposed himself for the most part. He was still bent over and looking like he could barely hold up under his own weight, however. Nolan glanced back, briefly, while he worked.
\par "Dreggor's Door,"  he told the other, entering commands and hovering over consoles. The portholes at the front of the craft opened up into empty space and the glittering Rift. "We can lose ourselves in the crowds there for a time." 
\par "And what if they anticipate you fleeing Riftwatch at the first sign of trouble?" Thaddeus probed.
\par "Perhaps," Nolan said, continuing. "Or they'll assume that either whatever agent they had here did the job and finished it, or that we would be tied up worrying about her safety. In all cases, they could not expect us to react so quickly as this." He went to work strapping the unconscious girl now into one of the racks in the back.
\par "You are assuming, of course," the other pressed with an arched brow, hanging on the rear hatch still, "that they are not as clever or as prepared as you. Or that they did not spend the same twenty years plotting every move the other side would make when the time came," he chided. And Weir looked up at him over the girl.
\par "I know that."
\par "This might be a game," the old man added after a moment. "But that does not mean you have to play by the same rules. Whoever has finally come for you - they undoubtedly will not."
\par "You know that there are no rules, Thaddeus," he told the other as he finished up. His old fingers flew along until he was satisfied with every last detail. The course had been fixed and plotted for years, but it only led somewhere likely and sensible. He had never intended to use it as anything more than a distraction for someone who might have gotten clever with him. No, the real destination would come in transit where it was far less likely to be traced. He had taken steps long ago to make sure of that.
\par The older man left it at that. He studied Weir for a few moments more. Then he turned away with a small smile crinkling his craggy face.
\par "I wish you luck, Nolan," he said with a wave of his hand over his shoulder as he started slowly, unsteadily away. "Take good care of yourself." The rear hatch began to swing shut to a soft mechanical whine. "Do it for an old man with few friends left."
\par "Thank you," Weir told him through the shrinking port. He did not join him in that wave. "I don't think we will see each other again."
\par The last, the other did not hear. The hatch swallowed him up whole.
\par He had lied to Thaddeus about Dreggor's Door. It was necessary.
\par Nolan returned to the pilot's chair and strapped himself in. The shuttlebay port closed behind them too. It jarred the craft, and the girl in bed in the back. She stirred at the abruptness of it.
\par "Where are we going?" she mumbled without opening her eyes, still mostly asleep. Her fastenings kept her bound tightly in place.
\par Nolan glanced back over one shoulder.
\par "Somewhere safe."
\par It was all he said. She fell out of it again after that, and he turned back to the controls. The shuttle broke free, shooting forward into empty space, and they left the station behind without another thought.\cf2\f2 
\par }
