{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff31507\deff0\stshfdbch31505\stshfloch31506\stshfhich31506\stshfbi31507\deflang1033\deflangfe1033\themelang1033\themelangfe0\themelangcs0{\fonttbl{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f34\fbidi \froman\fcharset1\fprq2{\*\panose 02040503050406030204}Cambria Math;}{\f39\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0302020204030204}Calibri Light;}
{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}
{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f40\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f41\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f43\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f44\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f45\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f46\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f47\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f48\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f50\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f51\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f53\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f54\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f55\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f56\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f57\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f58\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f430\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Garamond CE;}{\f431\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Garamond Cyr;}
{\f433\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Garamond Greek;}{\f434\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Garamond Tur;}{\f437\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Garamond Baltic;}{\flomajor\f31508\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\flomajor\f31509\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flomajor\f31511\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flomajor\f31512\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\flomajor\f31513\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flomajor\f31514\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flomajor\f31515\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\flomajor\f31516\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbmajor\f31518\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbmajor\f31519\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fdbmajor\f31521\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbmajor\f31522\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbmajor\f31523\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fdbmajor\f31524\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbmajor\f31525\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbmajor\f31526\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fhimajor\f31528\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri Light CE;}{\fhimajor\f31529\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Light Cyr;}{\fhimajor\f31531\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Light Greek;}
{\fhimajor\f31532\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Light Tur;}{\fhimajor\f31535\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Light Baltic;}{\fhimajor\f31536\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri Light (Vietnamese);}
{\fbimajor\f31538\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fbimajor\f31539\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fbimajor\f31541\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\fbimajor\f31542\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fbimajor\f31543\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fbimajor\f31544\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\fbimajor\f31545\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fbimajor\f31546\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\flominor\f31548\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\flominor\f31549\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flominor\f31551\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flominor\f31552\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\flominor\f31553\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flominor\f31554\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flominor\f31555\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\flominor\f31556\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbminor\f31558\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbminor\f31559\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fdbminor\f31561\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbminor\f31562\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbminor\f31563\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fdbminor\f31564\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbminor\f31565\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbminor\f31566\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fhiminor\f31568\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\fhiminor\f31569\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}{\fhiminor\f31571\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\fhiminor\f31572\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}
{\fhiminor\f31575\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}{\fhiminor\f31576\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\fbiminor\f31578\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fbiminor\f31579\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fbiminor\f31581\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbiminor\f31582\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fbiminor\f31583\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fbiminor\f31584\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbiminor\f31585\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fbiminor\f31586\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\*\defchp 
\fs22\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505 }{\*\defpap \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 }\noqfpromote {\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 \sqformat \spriority0 Normal;}
{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden \sunhideused \spriority1 Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext11 \ssemihidden \sunhideused 
Normal Table;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid4682154\rsid10100066}{\mmathPr\mmathFont34\mbrkBin0\mbrkBinSub0\msmallFrac0\mdispDef1\mlMargin0\mrMargin0\mdefJc1\mwrapIndent1440\mintLim0\mnaryLim1}{\info{\operator Jonathan}{\creatim\yr2015\mo7\dy21\hr12\min10}
{\revtim\yr2015\mo7\dy21\hr12\min17}{\version2}{\edmins7}{\nofpages11}{\nofwords3225}{\nofchars18384}{\nofcharsws21566}{\vern57435}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\trackmoves0\trackformatting1\donotembedsysfont0\relyonvml0\donotembedlingdata1\grfdocevents0\validatexml0\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701
\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale100\rsidroot4682154 \fet0{\*\wgrffmtfilter 2450}\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\sl480\slmult1\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\cf8\insrsid10100066 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\cf15\insrsid10100066 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 I didn't even hesitate before sticking my gun at that huge pirate choking Mills and firing.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 One.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 Two.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 Three.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 Three marks on his broad back, burning right through the synthetic weave of his coat and splashing against armor beneath. I shot \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 
him three times at point blank range. And not one got through.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 That giant was holding Mills up by his throat like he was nothing. And I could see him wrenching the smaller man's hand with the pistol aside until he dropped it. The weapon clattered on the de
\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 ck as I pulled off my third shot.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 He didn't fall, but he did toss Miller aside into the bulkhead. I watched as Miller crashed down into the ground and lay there gasping for air, the veins on his face and neck popping out white against red. Then that giant 
\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 turned on }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af39 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f39\cf15\insrsid10100066 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 me}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\cf15\insrsid10100066 .
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 
He must have been at least eight feet tall -- all muscle, bone, and sinew wrapped in combat armor -- strong enough to withstand three point-blank pulse rounds. Standing there, towering over me on the ground like a Tau ogre. And, for some reas
\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 on ... 
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 He hesitated.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 
I started to crawl backward on my elbows, kicking away from him. That ended it for him. There was only a hint of his face under the helmet he wore, but it was enough to see a smile slowly twist his lips before he finally started after
\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39  me.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 
I'd seen augmented soldiers before. I knew what nanite solutions could do to grunts that needed an edge, and the Admirals were all too willing to stack the infantry deck in their favor where they could. If people qualified. If it was in their budgets.
\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39  It was expensive. It was even dangerous. And I'd never in my life seen an augmented soldier as big as this one.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 Pirates shouldn't have had access to that sort of thing. The Navy kept it locked up tight for a reason and went to some great lengths to clean \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 up after }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af39 \ltrch\fcs0 
\i\f39\cf15\insrsid10100066 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 every}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\cf15\insrsid10100066 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 
 use on a subject. I saw firsthand how careful they were with even the common stuff they gave us cadets at the Academy.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 But it didn't matter right now that what I was looking at shouldn't have been possible. Not if it was going to kill me.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 "M\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 -Mills ...?"
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 I scrambled back while that pirate took his time with leisurely steps on his freakishly long, powerful legs. Like it was all just a game. Like he had just won.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 Maybe he had. We were alone and surrounded and he'd brushed Mills aside like he was\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39  nothing.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 "This entire station," he spoke suddenly aloud, opening his massive arms wide with open palms to take in the whole corridor. "And here. You. Are." 
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 His voice rich and lilting. Not the deep rumbling bass that I would have expected in a pile of cor\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 
ded muscle heaped up so high. It was full of playful cunning, making every word sound coy and suggestive. Like there was something about my situation he found terribly funny. 
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 Then I remembered I still had a gun. It hadn't worked the first time but ... I h\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 adn't tried to shoot him in the face then either.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 I stuck the pistol out at him again -- this time, firing at his head and aiming for the exposed parts of his face. He was apparently ready for that, though, because a personal shield generator got between u
\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 s. I kept firing, hoping it didn't have much charge left somehow and he kept stomping forward, absorbing each bolt. I didn't know what else to do or have time to think. Then he was on top of me, reaching down.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 That scene suddenly flew away. For a moment, I\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 
 thought someone had blasted that giant and everything else away. But no -- it was just me. The floor was at my back, scraping as I slid quickly backward and away from that man. I hit a wall and stopped abruptly after ten meters or so, then looked up to s
\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 e\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 e Mills stretching a hand out toward me.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 The pirate glanced back at him, still amused more than annoyed.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 A blade flashed in the giant's hand so fast I missed where he'd even pulled it from. It slashed up across Miller's face in the blink of an eye and the \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 
smaller man jerked away into the floor. Then he lay still.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 I was screaming at them both before I even realized it.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 That man forgot about Miller almost as soon as he was down for good. Someone else appeared at the other end of the hall and the giant glanced\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 
 even further back, briefly. I didn't see, though. I couldn't see past his huge, hulking shape. But I didn't have to look to know who it was, that Komi had finally caught up with me again at last. And, for the first time, I realized the two other men who'
\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 d\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 
 been waiting to one side where that giant had come from, standing and watching with sidearms and molecular axes in hand from the corridor while he went about toying with me before death. He started towards me again.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 I was unarmed. I'd lost the pistol along the way when Mills had pushed me, and found it quickly there on the floor. As the big pirate stepped right over it.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 My hands were flailing around the dead bodies littering the deck next. Those men were closing in no\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 
w, and I was all alone. Tears stung at my eyes as I fumbled at corpses. They'd already been stripped of their guns, though -- for munitions or just shenlizite, who knew or even cared anymore? The fact that they had taken the station so easily -- that they
\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39  \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 were going to get }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af39 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f39\cf15\insrsid10100066 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 away}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\cf15\insrsid10100066 
\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39  with all of this ...
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 I was starting to understand all that self-sacrificing, patriotic bullshit they all shouted with so much enthusiasm in training for once. It'd always sounded like hollow, naive bravado to me. I'd never believed i
\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 t before. Like any of us were going to be some kind of hero in these stupid little skirmishes with pirates in fringe sectors. Guns didn't distinguish between rank, or self-importance. 
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 But I could almost understand it now. I could have eaten a grenade too \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 if it meant not getting slaughtered without taking these assholes with me.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 But what I found was one of those fighting sticks instead.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 The thing was clipped to a dead Watchman's belt. I wanted to scream out my frustration. I needed a gun. A }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af39 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f39\cf15\insrsid10100066 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 big}{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af39 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\cf15\insrsid10100066 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39  gun, to get \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 past that armor. Yeguns weren't much good for }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af39 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f39\cf15\insrsid10100066 
\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 anything}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\cf15\insrsid10100066 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 
 in a shootout, so no one had taken it. Just training. Non-lethal application. But there was nothing else and I snatched it up for what good it would do.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 Those things were telescopic. I scrambled back u\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 
nsteadily to my feet, clicking it open. I got to feel the marginally satisfying sensation of each end shooting out a meter in either direction and wondered what the hell good it was going to be against three pirates and a Komi. They were coming right for 
\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 m\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 e with the big one out in front and I heard his low, amused laughter at me with the staff. He flicked that molecular sword of his up into the air between us.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 I waited. I waited, holding my staff as still and ready as I could make it. I tried to remember pr\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 
actice at the Academy. I waited while I shook all over and tried desperately not to. I tried to remember myself as actually being good at fighting sticks instead of like in all those anxiety-driven nightmares between sessions where I was just slow and clu
\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 m\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 sy. There was focus in those training bouts. I remembered focus and muscle memory making me fast and sure against Komi before.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 She hadn't been some kind of walking witch-demon corpse those days, though.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af39 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f39\cf15\insrsid10100066 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 Focus}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\cf15\insrsid10100066 .
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af39 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f39\cf15\insrsid10100066 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 Focusfocusfocus.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\cf15\insrsid10100066 
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 I waited. I waited until that\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39  huge pirate was just a few steps away and--
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 He swung. 
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 He swung so fast that I only got the staff in his way because it was practically already there. And it wasn't an accident either. I knew instantly that I was only still alive because he chose not to k
\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 ill me right away. He could have. But that didn't mean the force of the blow didn't still send me hurtling aside into the wall.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 I crumpled there, barely keeping my feet. It was reflex. Reflex and desperation. But I struck back. I counterattacked and the Ye\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 
gun smacked that pirate right across his helmeted face. It was just reflex -- because I wasn't smart enough follow through.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 He came back instantly. And so did that blade. For my head again.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 The breath shot out of my lungs as something snatched me away.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 Eve\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 
rything flew past me again, and my head lurched sideways. I nearly lost the staff like the pistol before, but had a death grip on it this time. And hope flashed momentarily in my head with the thought that Miller might be--
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 But, no. It was a pull, not a pu\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 sh. And when I finally stopped, the rest of the corridor was between us. I collapsed off my suddenly useless feet.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 I hit the deck hard on my back. And when I looked up ...
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 Dad was standing there.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 I blinked, half-expecting him to vanish like another fevered\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39  illuson. Just another flash of nightmare in an unending reel meant to drive me insane. 
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 But he didn't. He didn't even glance down at me as he lifted his hand again, and I felt the air harden and squeeze in all around me.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 "Stay behind me, Evelyn."
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 I was dr\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 
agged backward a little farther. This time, my bootheels scraped against the scorched and plasma-pitted deck until I was looking at his back. Then he let me go and I crumpled to the ground once more.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 The man at the other end of the corridor was pointing hi\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 s blade at dad now. Somehow he made the gesture look almost ... playful.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 "You should give her up to me, old man," that lilting voice warned dad good-naturedly. It was as if this were really a private game and he didn't want Nolan Weir included. There was a\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 
 lopsided smile on his lips beneath the helmet's visor obscuring his eyes. "We can put this all behind us," he said, shrugging his shoulder slightly. "Go on our way and ... even leave this place to your people again? I really }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af39 
\ltrch\fcs0 \i\f39\cf15\insrsid10100066 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 don't}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\cf15\insrsid10100066 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39  want anymore trouble tha\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 
n it takes to get her from you. But I }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af39 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f39\cf15\insrsid10100066 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 will}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\cf15\insrsid10100066 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39  get her from you."
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 The whole time he spoke, that crooked smile never left his face. Except for that last bit. The lines around his mouth hardened and I almost believed him. 
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 Almost.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 Except Nolan Weir was standing in between us now.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 I could have collapsed for good there. I really wanted to laugh out loud in relief. I was safe. I was safe now. Somehow -- dad had found me, and there was nothing anyone could do to hurt me as long as he st
\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 ood in their way. He was the most powerful psychokinetic I knew. Maybe the most powerful ever.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 I could have laughed, because those pirates who had attacked our home and killed our  friends and people and -- they didn't even know what they were looking at r\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 
ight now. I'd only seen dad use his powers in violence once -- and I wasn't supposed to have seen that at all. But I remembered. And he had been like a force of nature.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 He had utterly obliterated a man once. There'd been }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af39 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f39\cf15\insrsid10100066 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 nothing}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\cf15\insrsid10100066 
\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39  left.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 "}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af39 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f39\cf15\insrsid10100066 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 If}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\cf15\insrsid10100066 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39  I let you take th
\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 
e girl," dad said, sounding none too eager about doing that. And there was nothing these pirates could do to make him do something he didn't want to, no matter how big they were or how many weapons they had. Even Komi. They would've had to take me first. 
\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 T\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 hat was the only leverage they could've used against him. And they hadn't. They hadn't gotten me first.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 That big pirate seemed not to care or actually know about how powerful dad really was, though. He just spread his arms wide, dangling the sword to one s\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 ide.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 "That would be the idea."
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 A smirk lit his face for a moment where I could see. It didn't last long. I watched from the deck, sitting up on my elbows. Listening as that man faced down my father and demanded }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af39 \ltrch\fcs0 
\i\f39\cf15\insrsid10100066 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 me}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\cf15\insrsid10100066 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39  as the price for them to leave the station\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39  alone. }{\rtlch\fcs1 
\ai\af39 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f39\cf15\insrsid10100066 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 Me}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\cf15\insrsid10100066 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 . I didn't really believe they'd just leave like that for }{\rtlch\fcs1 
\ai\af39 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f39\cf15\insrsid10100066 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 anything }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\cf15\insrsid10100066 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 
before they stripped it but -- there was no point to taking me alive as long as my father was right here now in front of them. Dr. Weir was worth something. He was worth ransoming\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 
 to the admiralty, or forcing to do something with his mastery of psychokinetics or ... }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af39 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f39\cf15\insrsid10100066 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 something}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\cf15\insrsid10100066 
\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 . Anything. I could have been leverage against him. I could understand that. But this ...
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af39 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f39\cf15\insrsid10100066 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 Me }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\cf15\insrsid10100066 ...
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 That made no sense.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 Komi finally came up beside the big pirate\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 
, hanging just a step back in a gesture that almost seemed deferential. Weird. And I noticed then that Mills was gone from the floor where he had fallen and nowhere in sight too.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af39 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f39\cf15\insrsid10100066 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 Where }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\cf15\insrsid10100066 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 ...?
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 "Are you sure about this, old man?" the pirate asked after dad jus\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 
t stood there for too long without saying anything back. The other man shuffled and bounced on his feet, somehow managing to look impatient and unperturbed facing down someone who could crush him to bits with little more than a thought. That crooked smile
\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39  \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 was back on his face as more of his normal-sized men showed up behind him.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 Dad said nothing. Still. 
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 He didn't have to.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 There were at least a dozen other pirates behind that big one now. And Komi. All just waiting on the mouthy one. He definitely seemed li\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 
ke he could have been a leader. With the way he was talking, maybe he was the leader of the whole freaking thing. Who knew? He sure acted like it.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 Dad was between them and me and I wasn't afraid anymore. I stood up. That big one watched. I couldn't see his\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 
 eyes but I knew they were on me. I could feel them. Komi's too. I don't know why. They wanted }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af39 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f39\cf15\insrsid10100066 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 me}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\cf15\insrsid10100066 
\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 , not dad. But they weren't going to get me now.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 The lead pirate shrugged at last, as if it didn't really matter to him one way or the other. It probably didn'\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 t. It should have.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 I wanted dad to kill him. I wanted dad to wipe that smug look right off his face and plaster him against the wall. I wanted dad to take him apart and scatter him around the hall. I wanted him dead, the first person I'd }{
\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af39 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f39\cf15\insrsid10100066 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 ever }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\cf15\insrsid10100066 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 wanted -- }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af39 \ltrch\fcs0 
\i\f39\cf15\insrsid10100066 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 rea\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 lly}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\cf15\insrsid10100066 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39  wanted -- dead in my entire life.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 That probably should have bothered me more.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 He waited, smiling at us. At }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af39 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f39\cf15\insrsid10100066 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 me}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\cf15\insrsid10100066 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 
, in particular, I thought. Dad would give him a reason not to soon enough. You could see the look in his eyes. He'd been assessing.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 That big p\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 
irate canted his head to the men and Komi. They lined up to either side of him with their molecular weapons out and shield generators in hand, interlocking in case we decided to shoot at them I guess. Not that either of us had a gun. Or }{\rtlch\fcs1 
\ai\af39 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f39\cf15\insrsid10100066 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 needed}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\cf15\insrsid10100066 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39  one, in dad'\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 
s case. Then those pirates started forward down the corridor.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 It wasn't even an effort on dad's part to dash that whole assault to pieces.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 Dad took that hand he had already outstretched toward them and flicked his wrist. And the entire hallway exploded in \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 a flash of light.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 
Thunder clapped. I twisted my head away on reflex, and the blast tried to knock me back off my feet again. But not before it crashed into those pirates. Lightning screamed out of nothingness and at the men and Komi, searing flesh and bone
\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39  in an instant and throwing up the smell of burning human meat into the air. They couldn't even scream. They just ... }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af39 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f39\cf15\insrsid10100066 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 died}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af39 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\cf15\insrsid10100066 .
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 Half of the pirates weren't there anymore when I looked again. The big one was, somehow ducking low and\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 
 having managed to avoid those bolts of liquid light in the first barrage. He wasn't so lucky in the second batch. Dad sent up that one as soon as he got a momentary eyeful of the survivors.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 Komi tried to do something. I'm not sure what. Something psychoki\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 
netic and more powerful than I could ever hope to face alone, but ... she might as well have been nothing next to Nolan Weir. One of those bolts of pure energy hit her and sent her howling back the way she had come. Anyone else, and they'd have been vapor
\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 i\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 zed.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 
 I had my arms wrapped almost entirely around my head and had to resist the urge to duck back for cover. Dad wouldn't hurt me, of course, and I knew that. But it was hard not to give in to panic and doubt as that maelstrom of fury tore apart everyone 
\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 and every}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af39 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f39\cf15\insrsid10100066 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 thing}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\cf15\insrsid10100066 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 
 right in front of me.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 I felt the walls shake. I was sure that the entire station was shaking. Logic told me that was wrong, but it felt like it anyways. I saw the look on half of dad's face as he stood there, orchestrating all that death in 
\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 
less than a few seconds. Grim. Set. I could see anger there, but it was like a professional soldier's anger at an enemy. So unlike the scatterbrained, hyper-focused researcher he'd doddled on to becoming more and more like over the years. He'd been a sold
\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 i\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 
er once, though, and that's what he looked like right now. Whether he actually saw those men as the people who'd tried to kill his only child or just invaders, I couldn't tell. But I was selfish, and vengeful. I wanted it to be the former. I really did.

\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 Th\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 
ings quieted down. That tempest died off and left a vacuum of nothingness that howled almost as loudly as the counterattack itself. The rest of the sounds from the station felt suddenly and uncomfortably sharp. 
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 I let my head go and saw the blackened destr\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 oyed bodies of all the pirates then. The walls too -- blasted open, melted, and fused. Everywhere just ... ruined. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af39 
\ltrch\fcs0 \i\f39\cf15\insrsid10100066 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 Destroyed}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\cf15\insrsid10100066 .
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 Except for the big pirate.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 He lay there, face down. Not five steps away from dad and looking completely untouched. How? Luck? }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af39 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f39\cf15\insrsid10100066 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 Extr
\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 eme}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\cf15\insrsid10100066 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 
 luck? Dad had filled the entire corridor with face-melting energy and blinding light. Still, that pirate looked as still as death and wasn't even breathing.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 "Dad-"
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 I started to choke out that word and he finally glanced backward to look at me. It was t\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 
he first time he'd actually acknowledged me since throwing me out of his quarters earlier, and that hardly even counted. And he }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af39 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f39\cf15\insrsid10100066 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 did}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39 
\ltrch\fcs0 \f39\cf15\insrsid10100066 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39  now. I could see it. He was looking at me. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af39 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f39\cf15\insrsid10100066 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 Me}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f39\cf15\insrsid10100066 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 . And seeing me.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 He smiled.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 I don't know how it happened.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 That pirate giant was\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39  suddenly back up, and standing right behind the old man. Towering over him, even in a crouch. I hadn't even seen him move. Nolan Weir just grunted.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 I was staring at dad. I don't know how long -- how long the two of them just stood there. How long neither \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 
of them moved. How long it took for me to notice the length of metal sticking right out dad's back.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 But it took dad longer.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 He looked back at that pirate -- content to just stand there holding his molecular blade poking all the way through dad's chest and \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 
another crooked, amused smile painted on his face. It wasn't hidden now. Dad's attack must have managed to blow his helmet clean off or else he'd removed it on purpose so that we could see his face. Why? I don't know, but it was burned into my memory ther
\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 e\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 , hovering above dad's as he stabbed right through him.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 He wasn't looking at me now, though. He was looking down at dad. 
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 I watched his eyes -- his bright, crystalline blue eyes -- study dad like he was some sort of animal. A }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af39 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f39\cf15\insrsid10100066 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 dying}{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af39 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\cf15\insrsid10100066 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39  animal. Logic would have\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39  told me he was -- if logic hadn't fled me at the sight of that thing right in front of me then.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 I laughed. I don't know why.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 I didn't move. I didn't do anything. I laughed }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\cf15\insrsid4682154 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 a little laugh of m\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 
omentary insanity as I was pushed well past the brink }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\cf15\insrsid10100066 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 and it came out a weak, strangled sound. It felt like reality had collapsed into st
\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 ark lines and muted sounds all around me.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 Dad stuck both his hands to the pirate like he meant to try blasting him away once more. He could. He could destroy that man and make him pay. He could tear him to pieces and then pick himself back up and fix that 
\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 hole in his chest. He could. I }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af39 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f39\cf15\insrsid10100066 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 know}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\cf15\insrsid10100066 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 
 he could.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 But he didn't. Nothing happened. Nothing at all.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 Dad pushed on the man physically, deflating a little around that blade piercing through him. The pirate smirked pleasantly at the additional weight on his guard,\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39  pursing his lips.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 
"I hope she was worth it," he said, casting his eyes upwards for a moment with a sigh like he hated being proven right, "because you just threw your life away for nothing." Then he pulled in real close to dad. "I told you I'd take her fr
\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 om you ..."
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 He punctuated the last with a cluck of his tongue. Dad was breathing erratically around that blade, gasping in for air and lungs flaring. He slumped over even more.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 "Don't-"
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 The other man stared at him, lips curled up in a caricature of a grin \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 
but not saying anything. And that was all dad could say, coughing up his last word like half-eaten food caught in his throat. Don't }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af39 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f39\cf15\insrsid10100066 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 what}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39 
\ltrch\fcs0 \f39\cf15\insrsid10100066 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 ? I never found out because the pirate snatched his blade back out again through him. Then dad just crumpled to the grou\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 nd.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 A cry died instantly in my throat as my body took a reflexive step forward. Dad lay there, rattling. He didn't rattle much longer.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 Then it was just him. And me.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 My eyes had followed dad all the way down to the ground and stayed there. Ice flowed over my skin, creeping across me until every other sensation died away.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 The pirate opened his mouth at me.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 "Now," he said, stepping over dad on the deck with a theatrical \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 
flair and swing of his leg. He practically giggled along with the giddy look on his face. It was unnerving. Not ugly, or terrifying, or monstrous -- but normal. Just a normal, humanface on top of a massive, human body. But those eyes were trying to bore r
\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 i\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 ght through me.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 He stuck that blade in my direction now and gave me a thoughtful arch of his brow.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 "Where were we?"
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 My legs wanted to buckle. My insides felt sick. I fell back a step as he stepped forward. That fighting stick was hanging limply from my han\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 
d. I brought it up. I didn't know what I was going to do with it. That smile on the pirate's face only got bigger.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 Someone grabbed my arm.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 I got yanked off my feet out of the corridor and into another off to the side, falling over. But not before that some\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 
one tossed a little cylindrical something up into the pirate's face. It exploded.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 An arm closed over my eyes before I could even think to do it myself, and I felt the shockwave of the blast hit me. It was small, but enough. An anti-personnel grenade. Befor\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 
e I could even fully process that, though, I was being pulled again -- this time, back up to my feet.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 My head was throbbing now -- rattled from the blast -- and my ears were ringing. But I still managed to get one good look at that bleeding face with its a\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 
ngry line slashed right across from cheek to temple. I didn't recognize him at first and he didn't wait for me to. One eye clenched shut with blood seeping into it, Mills snatched me back away from that place.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 And that pirate.
\par \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 And dad.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\cf8\insrsid10100066 
\par }{\*\themedata 504b030414000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c020000130000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6cac91cb4ec3301045f748fc83e52d4a
9cb2400825e982c78ec7a27cc0c8992416c9d8b2a755fbf74cd25442a820166c2cd933f79e3be372bd1f07b5c3989ca74aaff2422b24eb1b475da5df374fd9ad
5689811a183c61a50f98f4babebc2837878049899a52a57be670674cb23d8e90721f90a4d2fa3802cb35762680fd800ecd7551dc18eb899138e3c943d7e503b6
b01d583deee5f99824e290b4ba3f364eac4a430883b3c092d4eca8f946c916422ecab927f52ea42b89a1cd59c254f919b0e85e6535d135a8de20f20b8c12c3b0
0c895fcf6720192de6bf3b9e89ecdbd6596cbcdd8eb28e7c365ecc4ec1ff1460f53fe813d3cc7f5b7f020000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100a5d6
a7e7c0000000360100000b0000005f72656c732f2e72656c73848fcf6ac3300c87ef85bd83d17d51d2c31825762fa590432fa37d00e1287f68221bdb1bebdb4f
c7060abb0884a4eff7a93dfeae8bf9e194e720169aaa06c3e2433fcb68e1763dbf7f82c985a4a725085b787086a37bdbb55fbc50d1a33ccd311ba548b6309512
0f88d94fbc52ae4264d1c910d24a45db3462247fa791715fd71f989e19e0364cd3f51652d73760ae8fa8c9ffb3c330cc9e4fc17faf2ce545046e37944c69e462
a1a82fe353bd90a865aad41ed0b5b8f9d6fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c0ccc4d0ac3201040e17da17790d93763bb284562b2cbaebbf600439c1a41c7a0d29fdbd7e5e38337cedf14d59b
4b0d592c9c070d8a65cd2e88b7f07c2ca71ba8da481cc52c6ce1c715e6e97818c9b48d13df49c873517d23d59085adb5dd20d6b52bd521ef2cdd5eb9246a3d8b
4757e8d3f729e245eb2b260a0238fd010000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100aa5225dfc60600008b1a0000160000007468656d652f7468656d652f
7468656d65312e786d6cec595d8bdb46147d2ff43f08bd3bfe92fcb1c41b6cd9ceb6d94d42eca4e4716c8fadc98e344633de8d0981923c160aa569e943037deb
43691b48a02fe9afd936a54d217fa17746b63c638fbb9b2585a5640d8b343af7ce997bafce1d4997afdc8fa87384134e58dc708b970aae83e3211b9178d2706f
f7bbb99aeb7081e211a22cc60d778eb97b65f7c30f2ea31d11e2083b601ff31dd4704321a63bf93c1fc230e297d814c7706dcc920809384d26f951828ec16f44
f3a542a1928f10895d274611b8bd311e932176fad2a5bbbb74dea1701a0b2e078634e949d7d8b050d8d1615122f89c0734718e106db830cf881df7f17de13a14
7101171a6e41fdb9f9ddcb79b4b330a2628bad66d7557f0bbb85c1e8b0a4e64c26836c52cff3bd4a33f3af00546ce23ad54ea553c9fc29001a0e61a52917dda7
dfaab7dafe02ab81d2438bef76b55d2e1a78cd7f798373d3973f03af40a97f6f03dfed06104503af4029dedfc07b5eb51478065e81527c65035f2d34db5ed5c0
2b5048497cb8812ef89572b05c6d061933ba6785d77daf5b2d2d9caf50500d5975c929c62c16db6a2d42f758d2058004522448ec88f9148fd110aa3840940c12
e2ec93490885374531e3305c2815ba8532fc973f4f1da988a01d8c346bc90b98f08d21c9c7e1c3844c45c3fd18bcba1ae4cdcb1fdfbc7cee9c3c7a71f2e89793
c78f4f1efd9c3a32acf6503cd1ad5e7fffc5df4f3f75fe7afeddeb275fd9f15cc7fffed367bffdfaa51d082b5d85e0d5d7cffe78f1ecd5379ffff9c3130bbc99
a0810eef930873e73a3e766eb10816a6426032c783e4ed2cfa2122ba45339e701423398bc57f478406fafa1c5164c1b5b019c13b09488c0d787576cf20dc0b93
9920168fd7c2c8001e30465b2cb146e19a9c4b0b737f164fec9327331d770ba123dbdc018a8dfc766653d05662731984d8a07993a258a0098eb170e4357688b1
6575770931e27a408609e36c2c9cbbc46921620d499f0c8c6a5a19ed9108f232b711847c1bb139b8e3b418b5adba8d8f4c24dc15885ac8f73135c27815cd048a
6c2efb28a27ac0f791086d247bf364a8e33a5c40a6279832a733c29cdb6c6e24b05e2de9d7405eec693fa0f3c84426821cda7cee23c674649b1d06218aa6366c
8fc4a18efd881f428922e7261336f80133ef10790e7940f1d674df21d848f7e96a701b9455a7b42a107965965872791533a37e7b733a4658490d08bfa1e71189
4f15f73559f7ff5b5907217df5ed53cbaa2eaaa0371362bda3f6d6647c1b6e5dbc03968cc8c5d7ee369ac53731dc2e9b0decbd74bf976ef77f2fdddbeee7772f
d82b8d06f9965bc574abae36eed1d67dfb9850da13738af7b9daba73e84ca32e0c4a3bf5cc8ab3e7b8690887f24e86090cdc2441cac64998f88488b017a229ec
ef8bae7432e10bd713ee4c19876dbf1ab6fa96783a8b0ed8287d5c2d16e5a3692a1e1c89d578c1cfc6e15143a4e84a75f50896b9576c27ea51794940dabe0d09
6d329344d942a2ba1c9441520fe610340b09b5b277c2a26e615193ee97a9da6001d4b2acc0d6c9810d57c3f53d30012378a242148f649ed2542fb3ab92f92e33
bd2d984605c03e625901ab4cd725d7adcb93ab4b4bed0c99364868e566925091513d8c87688417d52947cf42e36d735d5fa5d4a02743a1e683d25ad1a8d6fe8d
c579730d76ebda40635d2968ec1c37dc4ad9879219a269c31dc3633f1c4653a81d2eb7bc884ee0ddd95024e90d7f1e6599265cb4110fd3802bd149d520220227
0e2551c395cbcfd24063a5218a5bb104827061c9d541562e1a3948ba99643c1ee3a1d0d3ae8dc848a7a7a0f0a95658af2af3f383a5259b41ba7be1e8d819d059
720b4189f9d5a20ce0887078fb534ca33922f03a3313b255fdad35a685eceaef13550da5e3884e43b4e828ba98a77025e5191d7596c5403b5bac1902aa8564d1
080713d960f5a01add34eb1a2987ad5df7742319394d34573dd35015d935ed2a66ccb06c036bb13c5f93d7582d430c9aa677f854bad725b7bed4bab57d42d625
20e059fc2c5df70c0d41a3b69acca026196fcab0d4ecc5a8d93b960b3c85da599a84a6fa95a5dbb5b8653dc23a1d0c9eabf383dd7ad5c2d078b9af549156df3d
f44f136c700fc4a30d2f81675470954af8f09020d810f5d49e24950db845ee8bc5ad0147ce2c210df741c16f7a41c90f72859adfc97965af90abf9cd72aee9fb
e562c72f16daadd243682c228c8a7efacda50bafa2e87cf1e5458d6f7c7d89966fdb2e0d599467eaeb4a5e11575f5f8aa5ed5f5f1c02a2f3a052ead6cbf55625
572f37bb39afddaae5ea41a5956b57826abbdb0efc5abdfbd0758e14d86b9603afd2a9e52ac520c8799582a45fabe7aa5ea9d4f4aacd5ac76b3e5c6c6360e5a9
7c2c6201e155bc76ff010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f
7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73848f4d0ac2301484f78277086f6fd3ba109126dd88d0add40384e4350d363f2451eced0dae2c082e8761be
9969bb979dc9136332de3168aa1a083ae995719ac16db8ec8e4052164e89d93b64b060828e6f37ed1567914b284d262452282e3198720e274a939cd08a54f980
ae38a38f56e422a3a641c8bbd048f7757da0f19b017cc524bd62107bd5001996509affb3fd381a89672f1f165dfe514173d9850528a2c6cce0239baa4c04ca5b
babac4df000000ffff0300504b01022d0014000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c0200001300000000000000000000000000000000005b436f6e74656e
745f54797065735d2e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c0000000360100000b00000000000000000000000000300100005f72656c732f
2e72656c73504b01022d00140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c00000000000000000000000000190200007468656d652f7468656d652f74
68656d654d616e616765722e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100aa5225dfc60600008b1a00001600000000000000000000000000d6020000746865
6d652f7468656d652f7468656d65312e786d6c504b01022d00140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b0100002700000000000000000000000000d00900007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73504b050600000000050005005d010000cb0a00000000}
{\*\colorschememapping 3c3f786d6c2076657273696f6e3d22312e302220656e636f64696e673d225554462d3822207374616e64616c6f6e653d22796573223f3e0d0a3c613a636c724d
617020786d6c6e733a613d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f64726177696e676d6c2f323030362f6d6169
6e22206267313d226c743122207478313d22646b3122206267323d226c743222207478323d22646b322220616363656e74313d22616363656e74312220616363
656e74323d22616363656e74322220616363656e74333d22616363656e74332220616363656e74343d22616363656e74342220616363656e74353d22616363656e74352220616363656e74363d22616363656e74362220686c696e6b3d22686c696e6b2220666f6c486c696e6b3d22666f6c486c696e6b222f3e}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax371\lsdlockeddef0\lsdsemihiddendef0\lsdunhideuseddef0\lsdqformatdef0\lsdprioritydef99{\lsdlockedexcept \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority0 \lsdlocked0 Normal;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 7;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 5;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 9;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 header;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footer;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority35 \lsdlocked0 caption;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of figures;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope return;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation reference;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 line number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 page number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote text;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of authorities;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 macro;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 toa heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 5;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority10 \lsdlocked0 Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Closing;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Signature;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 Default Paragraph Font;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Message Header;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority11 \lsdlocked0 Subtitle;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Salutation;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Date;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Note Heading;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Block Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Hyperlink;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 FollowedHyperlink;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority22 \lsdlocked0 Strong;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority20 \lsdlocked0 Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Document Map;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Plain Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 E-mail Signature;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Top of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Bottom of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal (Web);\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Acronym;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Cite;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Code;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Definition;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Keyboard;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Preformatted;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Sample;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Typewriter;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Variable;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Table;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation subject;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 No List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Contemporary;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Elegant;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Professional;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Subtle 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Subtle 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Balloon Text;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Theme;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Placeholder Text;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 No Spacing;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2;
\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List;
\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 1;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 1;
\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Revision;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority34 \lsdlocked0 List Paragraph;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority29 \lsdlocked0 Quote;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority30 \lsdlocked0 Intense Quote;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 1;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 1;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 1;
\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 2;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 2;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 2;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 2;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 2;
\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 3;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 3;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 3;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 4;
\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 4;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 4;
\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 4;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 4;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 5;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 5;
\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 5;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 5;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 5;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 6;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 6;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 6;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 6;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 6;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 6;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 6;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority19 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Emphasis;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority21 \lsdlocked0 Intense Emphasis;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority31 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority32 \lsdlocked0 Intense Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority33 \lsdlocked0 Book Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority37 \lsdlocked0 Bibliography;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 TOC Heading;\lsdpriority41 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 1;\lsdpriority42 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 2;\lsdpriority43 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 3;\lsdpriority44 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 4;
\lsdpriority45 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 5;\lsdpriority40 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table Light;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 2;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 3;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 3;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 4;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 4;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 6;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 3;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 3;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 3;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 4;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 4;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;}}{\*\datastore 010500000200000018000000
4d73786d6c322e534158584d4c5265616465722e362e3000000000000000000000060000
d0cf11e0a1b11ae1000000000000000000000000000000003e000300feff090006000000000000000000000001000000010000000000000000100000feffffff00000000feffffff0000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
fffffffffffffffffdfffffffeffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff52006f006f007400200045006e00740072007900000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000016000500ffffffffffffffffffffffff0c6ad98892f1d411a65f0040963251e5000000000000000000000000b0bd
1cebe9c3d001feffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000105000000000000}}