{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Garamond;}}
{\colortbl ;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\cf1\lang1033\f0\fs22 
\par Weir got the message within five hours of leaving Riftwatch station. It took three minutes to plot the new course, and another thirty hours to reach Brekke Transit Hub near the Dreggoran epicycle. No parting farewells from those they had known and grown old with for twenty years. No final words to betray them before they even started. Just the way it had to be. The girl was not pleased, though.
\par It was almost a day before Evelyn regained consciousness, and then it was only enough to wonder groggily aloud again where she was and what had happened. Thaddeus had skimmed her comatose mind enough to prompt her body into a hyperaccelerated rate of healing and repair, but it had taken its toll. She was at a loss for what happened after two men ambushed her in the old maintenance tunnels back on the station.
\par Nolan was content to leave it that way, though the information might have proven to be of some use. The less she knew, the better and more protected she was. It was not as if she was in much of a position to fight him on the matter either. That did not stop her curious mind from wandering, however, and submitting him to a barrage of meddling questions.
\par She woke up starving and dehydrated from her accelerated recovery despite his best efforts to make her eat and drink while still only semi-conscious. A little mind-probing to that effect was mere child's play. Her metabolism had been overloaded, and she consumed all that she could manage to get her hands on in a short period of time before collapsing back to sleep from fatigue. She managed to start the interrogation before it took her.
\par He deflected her questions and insinuated to her that the whole affair was just some sort of temporary, long-awaited sabbatical from the station. In her addled state of mind and lack of reliable short-term memory, the implications were subtle and strong enough to make sense to her without much effort. He acted as if nothing were amiss but her and that befuddled state and she accepted it at that. Eagerly even. It spared him some of the more difficult questions about their circumstances to evade.
\par As soon as she was more fully awake, the trip fell into a brief routine of idle questions about his plans and half-lamented whimsy over leaving everyone on Riftwatch behind. Despite her fragile condition, Evelyn continued to chatter excitedly about it all without the faintest idea of what he was really about or why. And Nolan buried himself in his thoughts about that very thing, barely leaving the pilot's chair for the entire thirty hours.
\par He hardly ate, and didn't sleep. The girl must have started to suspect by the time they reached the hub, even though she had been asleep for most of it. Her excitement abated too quickly, and she turned to studying him when she thought he wasn't paying attention instead. He was always paying attention. And he made a note to himself to hide his preoccupation better in the coming days.
\par The Brekke Transit Hub changed from a distant, unmoving speck against the black to a floating spire in a matter of hours. And Evelyn could hardly take her eyes off it once it came into view.
\par "What \i is\i0  that?" she demanded from the front of the craft with her face all but pressed flat into the porthole. It interrupted his thoughts while he draped himself over the pilot's console, and she had to twist back around to get his attention. He glanced at the distant station, then at her, and finally back down to the console again.
\par "Our first stop," was all he said. Not that the girl would have left it at that.
\par "There?" she stabbed a finger eagerly at the transit hub in the porthole. "We're going there?" Her head bobbed incredulously. "We're getting on \i that\i0  there?"
\par Nolan ignored the question, still pondering one of several critical decisions he had to make. It wasn't as if another station should have been so exciting to her. He might have supposed she had never even seen Riftwatch from the exterior, however. And Evelyn was transfixed on the thing.
\par "Are there a lot of people onboard?" she pressed, eyes wide and mouth agape as she stood there wondering at the apparent novelty of it all.
\par "Yes."
\par "From the colonies, you think?"
\par Again. "Yes."
\par He tried to get back to his thoughts and planning, but it was impossible with the way she continued firing off inane questions about this and that and everything. Infuriating, even. Especially considering how much was at stake. He had to remind himself, though, with an effort, that she had never known anything beyond Riftwatch in her entire life. Not so, for him.
\par They had to wait some time outside the transit hub's docking facilities while a port freed up for them to come aboard. Brekke was not as large as Geise, more obscure yet still crowded enough for his purposes. The place was just a minor departure point between several of the surrounding outposts and minor colonies, with a few larger ships frequenting it for the express purpose of ferrying travelers to Dreggor's Door. He could see one of them now, hanging down beneath the station on a long pylon. The girl seized on that soon enough, and wouldn't be quiet about it for some time.\cf2 
\par }
