{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Garamond;}{\f1\fnil Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\cf1\lang1033\f0\fs22 
\par A few more hours passed, but Evelyn hardly wore herself out. By the time someone from the docking authority authorized them to come aboard, Nolan had a headache that was making him edgier than he had already been. He snapped at the girl once or twice as they finally disembarked, but it lost its bite in the loudness of the crowds that greeted them. They might have dampened her spirits too, being some of the dirtiest, most unkempt people she must have ever seen - but it was hard to tell. He knew it was not the most welcome sight to his own eyes after so many years away.
\par "Evelyn! Stay near me."
\par She had started off almost immediately and he had to rein her in like a small child. The look she gave him back over her shoulder was about as petulant. He snatched her hand firmly in his and dragged her along behind him.
\par The crowd was hard to push through, it was so thick down by the docking bays. They couldn't help being jostled by people who had more filth and diseases than Nolan cared to think about. Riftwatch had been a clean, controlled place. The irony of suddenly succumbing to something simple after all that time did not sit well with him at all. The less reputable hubs toward the periphery like that didn't have good scrubbers.
\par He got them on an elevator to the upper decks first. That was even more unpleasant than the docking areas they left behind. He suffered several more minutes squashed together with more of the system's vagrants than he could have hoped for to get to a free terminal on the promenade decks.
\par "Wait right here," he told the girl with a harsh eye when they got there. She played irritated and impatient with him, folding her arms and glancing wistfully about. He just rounded on the terminal, however, and started with his message.
\par It took a few minutes to refamiliarize himself with that antiquated piece of technology and get the message out. Despite the abruptness of the whole affair, matters were still going according to plan and on schedule. Not that he had left much room for doubt. He'd had more than twenty years to prepare for that moment after all. More than enough time to get it right.
\par But never without a few doubts.
\par "Evelyn."
\par The girl jumped when he turned around and called her name. She had still been standing there behaving - a small miracle. Her attention had been elsewhere, though, and he had to snap her out of it.
\par "What were you looking at?"
\par He came up beside her, glancing the way she'd been staring. It had not been the whimsical fancy of the past minutes or several hours. And he could worry about so abrupt a shift in her out here.
\par "Nothing," she shook her head quickly, though, dismissing it. "I just ... I thought I saw someone."
\par "Come on." He took her by the arm and started pulling her away again. A few looks over his shoulder were not wasted in his wary concerns.
\par There was no incident as they reached another elevator down to the transport ship they would be taking. The girl sobered some, but still bubbled over intermittently with that enthusiasm. And, for a few moments, with Riftwatch behind them and the rest of the system ahead, Nolan could almost entertain the fantasy of that turning into a real holiday of sorts for her, with home being safe and waiting up for them to return. He had lost touch in two decades, and it left him nostalgic. But he crushed that sentimentalism in his head quickly enough.
\par A few more hours as they waited to board the passenger ship \i Menhir\i0  bled a little bit more of that excitement right out of the girl. She was downright manageable by the time they were allowed in. And the accomodations she had to look forward to were little better than that of a refugee camp, buried in the bowels of the ship. Anything else would have meant registering with the passenger manifest. And that was something he would not do.
\par So they made it on board with little incident. Unnoticed. Ignored by fellow passengers and crew alike, with the odd exception or two for their superior health and dress - exceptions that he made mental note to keep an eye on if necessary. It all went just as he had planned. And, just as he had planned, they were underway and flying fast toward Lyricum within forty-eight hours of the other side's first move.\cf2\f1 
\par }
