{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Garamond;}}
{\colortbl ;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\cf1\highlight0\lang1033\f0\fs22 
\par "Where are we going?"
\par The girl's tone was deadpan. Sullen, even. It brought Nolan back out of his reverie. She turned her head to look up at him when he didn't answer right away, and caught him staring.
\par "What?"
\par He shook his head and glanced away. He had been digging up a lot of old memories of late. Too much that should remain buried. It was distracting him from what needed to be done.
\par They had been crowded in the lower decks for more than a day now. Packed in with huddled masses of poor travelers dredged up from what must have been every desolate hole in the region. There was a reason he had chosen Riftwatch all those years ago, and it wasn't just because of the old philosopher's predictions. He enjoyed the solitude. There was no space to think in this festering cell.
\par It was necessary. Just like everything he had had to do for the past two decades. He kept reminding himself of that, especially when he looked down into that dusky face with those familiar almond eyes.
\par "So," the girl was speaking again. She huffed out a heavy breath through her teeth. "Are you going to tell me where we're going or not?"
\par Sitting in the bowels of an obsolete old transport cruiser for almost two days had drained her enthusiasm to next to nothing. She had gotten a sarcastic attitude with him over the past twenty-four hours. A combination of several things, he was sure. Not to forget her little explosion at the docking platform when she found out they wouldn't be going back to the Riftwatch for a long time. He had been remiss in letting that slip out of frustration, and it had soured her quite a bit. But, in the end, he assumed it was just because he refused to tell her most of anything she did not need to know. Which was a lot.
\par The cruiser would be half a week to Dreggoran, with them stuck down there the whole while even though that was not their destination. Evelyn was hunched over next to him on the floor, lost amidst the throngs of squatting, coughing passengers. She looked almost as miserable as they did now, if not nearly so unwashed. It became an effort not to feel more sympathy for her and that situation he was putting her through.
\par It was necessary.
\par "You'll know when we get there," he told her. And she grumbled out another irritable groan at that. He ignored it.
\par "Of course I will. But I want to know now ..."
\par Nolan just hunched in deeper upon himself. The next several days would be long and insufferable, he knew. And matters would only escalate when they were done. All of a sudden, he had so much to do with so little time left to do it. It was a crushing weight that he had known so long ago that he could not escape. Ironic how the decision had seemed so simple back then. They always did.
\par But now ... 
\par Now, he looked down at that innocent girl beside him all grown up and ...
\par Well. None of it seemed so easy anymore. He could still remember the day he took her away.
\par "Evelyn."
\par She rounded back on him once more, frowning.
\par "Yeah?"
\par He opened his mouth to tell her something. Maybe it was being in that place, alone, and so far from everything else that mattered just then. Maybe it was in seeing that look in profile on her face that reminded him so much of the mother she never knew. Maybe. But he would never know.
\par Something else snapped inside of his head. And it hurled every other thought away.
\par }
