{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}}
{\colortbl ;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\cf1\highlight0\lang1033\f0\fs22 
\par A man stood in the midst of those bodies ahead of them. A handful of guards lined the floor - too many for anything but a response to an alarm. And as if the prove that fact, the lights dimmed overhead and sirens abruptly blared all around.
\par Darkness fell around that figure like a cloak as it pulled a black, folding blade free from the last of the men that had apparently come to stop it. The guard collapsed in an unceremonious heap to the floor with his unkempt, pompous uniform ripped open in front and behind. The rest had all been bled out onto the deck and left for dead. The figure forgot them as soon as Weir burst into the corridor. And with the flick of a wrist, that folding blade flipped back up and in on itself, segment by segment, until it was no bigger than a knife.
\par The girl came up behind in a rush, barging right into Nolan. He snatched her by the arm and jerked her around behind him.
\par There were a few moments then, while he and that figure just stood across the bloodied corridor from each other and did not speak a word. That other man looked at him, and Weir took in everything in a moment's glance. The events of the past few minutes were evidently clear to him by the position and state of those bodies.
\par The other had been caught in that security checkpoint - by intention, most likely. He had antagonized the guards, drawing more in to apprehend him and allowing them to encircle. They had been armed, but the blast marks along the deck and bulkheads around suggested not a shot fired had had the opportunity to find its mark. They had died in a ring around him. A single, hand-less corpse meant at least one had managed to get the weapon pointed at him. It also meant that his blade was quite lethal, and the wielder well-versed.
\par That figure stood there unharmed. He was big with muscle beneath a long coat and hood, and there was a glint of something there in the red light when Nolan looked. For a moment, the man's eyes beneath his hood were on Evelyn and they glimmered too.
\par "You know what this is about," the man down the corridor uttered then. His voice was low, and rich without a trace of fear or concern.
\par There were no burn marks on any of the bodies, or evidence of extreme blunt trauma to indicate pyschokinetics. Deep lacerations were the telling mark. 
\par His primary armament was that melee weapon then, which was more than manageable assuming no other hidden assets.
\par "Give me the girl," the man said. He didn't offer a trade for Nolan's life. It was obvious to both of them that there would be none. So the statement was purely for effect. On the girl.
\par "What?"
\par She squeaked out from behind, giving the man an incredulous, terror-stricken look before trying to squeeze herself even further out of sight behind. The hooded man didn't pay her any more notice, but the eager anticipation in the air was seething so thickly that Weir could taste it like a physical thing.
\par The life pods were in the foredecks. Closest to the registered passengers' quarters, and right ahead through that man and his body count. He could have backtracked and found another route around behind, but Nolan did not need that psychic screeching in his ears to tell him that they had no time left for flight.
\par He thought he knew then just what he had stumbled into. All those years, and he had always suspected the other side was sure to come for him and the girl one day. He knew their tricks, and the way their minds worked. Knew how to beat them. After all, he had been one of them before the girl.
\par Now, that time was here. Wasn't it?
\par "I will take her from you," the man opened his mouth again. The threat was drawn out slowly. "You know I will." Inexorable. Like certainty in death.
\par It was an eventuality he was prepared for - those plans being intercepted at this stage. But one man could not stop him. No, it was the rip they had opened up in space and time that he knew was the real ploy.
\par They never should have had the power to do such a thing. He turned it over and over in his mind as he waited for that man to make his move before all the pieces had settled into place in Weir's head. How had they figured it out? Two decades of isolation with an overweaned will and the greatest expertise in the entire system, and he had not yet determined how to tear down the walls between existences. They couldn't have done it. It was impossible.
\par They couldn't have.
\par Unless ...
\par Realization dawned on him so abruptly it nearly knocked him back off his feet. That man seemed to be waiting for it, content to just watch until he saw it in Nolan's eyes. And as soon as he did, that hooded man started for them.
\par }
