{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Garamond;}}
{\colortbl ;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\cf1\highlight0\lang1033\f0\fs22 
\par "You ..."
\par Nolan Weir barely more than breathed the word as the man strode purposefully toward them at the other end of the corridor. Recognition. Surprise. And a second's trace of uncertainty in the face of that particular eventuality come to pass instead.
\par It lasted a second too long.
\par The familiarity was in the color of the other's mind. It was painted in black-ochre tones across the brittle fabric of the physical world about - that fabric pulsing and reverberating shrilly like the screams of spectres from a force strong enough to make it seem a hair's breadth away from shattering completely. All too soon ... he knew that it would.
\par That devil's manifestation didn't matter.
\par Nolan threw a hand out - a catalyst for his mind's will, and nothing more. Then he threw everything he had into crushing that man into bloody pulp.
\par It was a mess. The sight would undoubtedly traumatize the girl in all the wrong ways, but it could not be helped. He could not allow himself to be stopped so soon. Such a thing would have been disastrous and all but undo over twenty years of planning and work.
\par It was with some small amount of surprise, however, when that bone-crushing, mind-splintering force did little more than slow the other man down.
\par He grunted like a stricken beast - then kept on coming. That surprise turned to shock as Weir bludgeoned him again, and again, and again. All to not even a tenth of the intended effect.
\par The man was immune to psychokinesis, but for a pathetic little flutter of that hood wrapped around his head. Impossible. But he continued to be so right up until he flicked that black, folding blade of his back out to full length and drove it right through Nolan's stomach.
\par There was a gasp of surprise. He wasn't sure if it was his or the girl's. But he looked down to see the hilt buried almost inside him. It gave him pause.
\par For a moment, his world narrowed down to fine sights, sounds, and sensations. Still, that roaring rip raged above them all like vicious white noise in the black.
\par That other man's face started to twist.
\par He saw the action come before it did. A subtle change in inflection on the surface of the other's mind. That one towered over Nolan with certainty in the old man's death. A lesser man would have succumbed. A lesser man would have been paralyzed, his mind broken on that blade along with body.
\par Nolan turned all his will back outward. And this time, he turned it upon himself.
\par He flung his body back off the steel and into the girl and the bulkhead.
\par The other man growled, stomping another step forward as Weir and his daughter collapsed to the ground in twin heaps. That blade came up again, thrusting after for the kill. Nolan glanced at it, and it flung up out of the monster's hands.
\par It was not protected.
\par The other man followed the steel with his eyes as it dangled above his head. It whipped around and thrust down at him instead.
\par The demon dodged, slipping around his own blade. It came at him again, and again.
\par "Get out of here, Evelyn! Run!" Nolan shouted over at her as she just sat there, stunned. She froze up in horror, staring down at whatever hole had opened up in his gut. He let the blade drop out of his conscious hold for a moment - long enough to pick the girl right up off the deck with his mind and start her ahead down the corridor.
\par "Get off the ship!"
\par The other man managed to snatch his blade back in that moment, but the girl skittered past him with the force of Nolan's mind. And then she was running as far and as fast as she could.
\par Away from him.
\par }
