{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Garamond;}}
{\colortbl ;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\cf1\lang1033\f0\fs22 
\par I ran. 
\par I ran harder and faster than I ever had in my life. Corridors whipped past, blurring together in a messy haze of gray metal bulkheads. The world became nothing but shoes on steel, thumping blood and tears, and me sucking down each sobbing breath like it was my last. I didn't stop until I caught something with my foot. And then I was smacking the deck hard face-first with my forehead.
\par Things spun for a while after that, and I had a hard time thinking. Not that I was really interested in doing just that. I lay there on the ground like a corpse - a shivering, sobbing corpse. And everything started to close in black around me.
\par "\i Run\i0 ."
\par I jerked back up to my feet with a start. Instantly. Leaden, flailing limbs flopped out around me and I slapped the wall ahead with my whole body. That voice was in my head, but it was Dad's. I couldn't stop. Not yet. Not with Dad alone back there. They weren't after him.
\par They weren't after ... \i him\i0 .
\par There was a corpse on the floor.
\par It took a long time to notice. I think that was what I had tripped over. There was blood all over the deck, and on my hands, making them stick. I tried to wipe it off on my pants, staring dumbly at that body. It had been crawling the wrong way.
\par There was too much blood, and I backed away. Numb. Whoever it had been, they had been hacked to pieces. There wasn't much more to it than that. Just ... Hacked. To. Pieces.
\par Someone screamed.
\par My thumping head jerked that way - not the way back to Dad and those others. I didn't know anything about that ship or where I was now, but I noticed the red-black trail leading back around a corner where that dead man must have dragged himself from. The lights flickered above me.
\par There were more of them than just that one murdering psychopath - whoever they were. They must have gotten ahead of me and Dad. But there was still that one behind. I think I laughed a little at that, but it came out sounding shrill and insane in my ears.
\par The choice was too easy, and I hated myself more than anything for it just then. So much that it hurt. There was nothing that I wanted to do more just then than let myself break down into tiny little pieces on the floor. But I kept seeing Dad's face whenever I closed my eyes. So I went forward. I didn't even look back.
\par I followed that trail of blood. There wasn't much else to do. Slowly. Quietly. My shoes squelched fresh gore on the deck and I felt bile in my throat. I was sweating, and cold. Every muscle was pulled so tight I was sure it would just snap. But somehow I reached the corner even so. I had to keep going.
\par I peeked around, holding what little I could of my breath. It still came out in short, sharp bursts. That scream had come from there.
\par Another corridor opened up beyond. This one had doors marching along to either side of it - passenger cabins. It was the upper decks now, I think. Nothing like the horrible open bay we had been in below. But here all the doors were open.
\par And there were bodies.
\par Everywhere.
\par And I froze there, staring at them. The breath finally caught in my throat.
\par Men. Women. Children. It was hard to tell. They had been diced up and butchered like raw meat. Pieces lay everywhere. On the walls. The ceiling. It was death like those guards down below, only worse - much, much worse. Someone had gotten more personal with these, right up inside and thrashing bone and sinew apart. Some of the pieces were even still recognizable.
\par I would have thrown up then, but something was moving at the end of the hall.
\par I only caught a glimpse. There was a bloody, wailing mass of a girl on the ground ahead through the door at the end. Something lumbered over to her, and it made a sound as it scraped her up off the ground. A sound like ripping flesh and crackling bone. Like everything horrible that had ever come out my nightmares on the cusp of waking that I could never remember. That I would never let myself remember. I only caught a glimpse, and that was all I ever needed. 
\par I did throw up then. I puked into a bloody, helpless hand. 
\par Somehow, my back was against the wall again, and I was out of sight. I felt like my lungs had seized up, both legs stiff and stuck at awkward angles to the floor. My knees shook, and I just sat there, unable to move. Everything was ice, chills creeping up like tiny talons along my spine. Another second like that - and all the lights flickered out.
\par I might have cried again there in the dark. I know I laughed. An insane, helpless laugh. But in the end, I just squeezed my eyes shut.
\par Every dream came screaming back from where I had buried it, howling and clawing right through my brain. Every hook, claw, and talon. Every severed head, punctured gut, and limb torn free. Every ounce of blood splattered everywhere. Everything that I had kept hidden and locked away from the waking world and Dr. Sweeney's probing interrogations. It all flashed in my head in an instant. But it wasn't real. It wasn't ... \i real\i0 .
\par "It's not real."
\par I took a deep, shuddering breath. Somehow. And opened my eyes again, slowly. Emergency lights had come on, painting the passage with specks of dim red. They didn't do much at all. But it was enough, for a moment just then, not to be lost in the dark down there.
\par When I came back, though, something very real loomed right next to my head.\cf2 
\par }
