{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Garamond;}}
{\colortbl ;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\cf1\lang1033\f0\fs22 
\par My legs gave out. 
\par Even before the rush and gargling scream. I collapsed down, that thing whipping something of itself into the wall that sliced a hole right through it. I heard the metal rend, and my heart tried to burst - but I flipped over onto my stomach first.
\par Another wet howl. I threw myself up to my feet, flying, stumbling back down the first corridor. Instinct, and reflex. My own body sliced up into pieces flashed in my mind so suddenly I forgot I was already moving. 
\par Something else snapped in just over my back. And again into the ground where my feet had been.
\par I hit another corner - a side hallway I never saw running before. I lashed out and caught it with both hands, slipping on the dead man's blood still on the floor. That took me clean off my feet again, but not on down the hall. I yanked myself over into the other hallway. That thing slashed in right behind.
\par It screamed at me. That fleshy, mouthless scream. I tripped up a few desperate steps, blood slick on my shoes. Those emergency lights didn't do anything for the hallway but outline the walls, and they were out in some places. Covered up, maybe. By bodies, blood, or something else - I couldn't tell. There was only red-tinged black ahead and that thing behind.
\par I charged the other end. Hard. But I didn't get far. There \i were\i0  bodies on the floor. And it took me another second, as I slid wildly ahead into another wall, to realize that it wasn't water making the floor so wet.
\par When I came back up, that thing was screaming right in my face.
\par It slashed something at me. My arm sliced open and whatever it was punched a hole in the deck. I spun around on my back in the blood on the ground, and both feet went flying. One managed to hit the thing somewhere.
\par It hit me again. Something blunt this time because it sent me sliding away down the hall. I slapped the deck and leapt back up to my feet, stumbled a few steps, and slipped into a door. It was shut tight.
\par I froze for one, terrible moment. That warbling started up again behind me, charging. Maybe it had never stopped. Everything went to cold, shivering ice again, and I tried to scream. But I just didn't have it in me.
\par Then I saw it. The door was open. 
\par Just a little.
\par I didn't care. I flung myself at the hole without a second thought except for the murderous howl flying at me fast from behind. And got stuck partway through.
\par Maybe I looked back. The thing was just a big, black splotch against the blotted, dull lights. It was a terrible mistake. Pretty soon, it doubled up on itself and filled out the whole corridor.
\par I sucked in, squeezed, and screamed. Hands scrabbling on both sides, I smeared blood all over the doors. Panic reached a fever pitch as my fingers slid all over. I didn't look back again. Couldn't. Even as it gargled another vicious shriek at me, I clawed my way through the door. It swiped that razor-sharp something for my head. 
\par And then I was through.
\par I got halfway down the next corridor before I realized it, though.
\par Everything swirled around me in a blinding rush of black and red. I never stopped - barely slowed. But that thing was still caught in the door. I didn't look back, but I could hear it slashing at metal and screaming at me, trying to get through.
\par  I glanced down at my arm as I stumbled on - at the blood dribbling down the length of it. It shook so hard it was hard to see in the dim light. And I had no idea how bad it was. But I couldn't care just then anyways.
\par Dad's voice was in my head. And I just kept on running in the dark.\cf2 
\par }
