{\rtf1\fbidis\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Garamond;}}
{\colortbl ;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\ltrpar\fi720\sl480\slmult1\cf1\lang1033\f0\fs22 
\par At some point, the gravity went out. I only noticed because I was suddenly tumbling into the air.
\par My whole body spun. Some blood from the deck bobbed along with me. And when I came back around vertical once more, a headless corpse did too.
\par We both hit a wall. I kicked out frantically with both feet, and it whirled away. I did too, whipping through black space. I smacked the bulkhead with my head and saw stars. It was the brightest the world had been in the last few minutes.
\par The rest of it came back. Slowly.
\par I had to get off that ship. That's what Dad had said right before he ... I had to get off that ship. But I had no idea where I even was.
\par There were more of those things. I could hear them. There must have been a lot of people onboard because the screaming never ended. Whenever it died off somewhere, someone else took up the cry - swallowed up in the darkened depths of the ship. And if that dark didn't get me killed, my eyes would. I couldn't keep tears from blinding them.
\par I swam forward, lashing out with my blood-stained hands for anything along the way and pulling myself along through the black and low, red light. My chest shook - the only sound in the dark around me. I couldn't make it stop. I tried. 
\par I hit another door. Spun myself around. And grabbed at the crack between them. I started prying them open, still wracked with shaking sobs that wouldn't go away. Just enough to peek into the next passageway.
\par Something leapt at my face as soon as I did.
\par That skin-ripping scream. I choked on my tongue, or else I would have screamed too. It slashed at me through the crack. Something caught in my side, and even more blood was spilling into the air.
\par I flung back. It howled, rearing and clawing at the door like a rabid animal. And it wasn't alone. There was a whole other cabin out there. Not another corridor. A dozen of those things were suddenly flying and ripping at the metal between them and me.
\par The door bent, huge dents popping back in places. That warbling scream turned into a crescendo, making my ears bleed. I screamed too this time.
\par I guess I was dead. I saw Dad and that man in my head, bleeding out on the floor from a length of gleaming steel blacker than night. I saw all those bodies too, in pieces all over everything. And I saw myself. That ship ... it was just one big, bloody tomb for all of us.
\par My body floated over, bawling in the dark while those things tore open the door from the other side. I might have tried to run, but I got nowhere hanging there in midair. Instead, my hand found the gun in my jacket pocket. 
\par It was still there. I lost everything and everyone else. But, somehow, I still had that. And I stabbed it out at those things without another thought.
\par I yanked on the trigger, and ...
\par Nothing.
\par Again.
\par Nothing.
\par That empty clicking sounded like deafening despair to my ears. I stared at the pistol while razored limbs whipped out in a frenzied mass of tentacles at the door. Howling and snarling and teeth like claws snapping bone. Metal groaned, and howled too. It started to finally come apart altogether.
\par I think I screamed again, shrieking fury and helplessness at that whole bloody mess. But no sound came out this time. Or they just drowned me out. I might have just thrown the pistol at them too. But I remembered something then. For once in my entire life ... I remembered something someone had told me right when it mattered.
\par I clicked the safety off. Bertram had switched it back on. 
\par And I fired.
\par This time, light flashed bright in the dark.
\par That first shot went wide. It seared the door with a black mark and a whiff of ash. The next was better, though. And so was the next after that.
\par Bolts of fire hammered into the fleshy space between those doors. The things kept howling and screaming their throat-rending screams out at me. One fell back. Maybe. It was hard to tell in the dark, they thrashed so much. For all the good it seemed to do, those things barely noticed. They just kept coming.
\par Holes appeared all over the door. It was already bent out of shape, folding in at me. It started to give way.
\par There were too many of them. I realized that ... eventually. Wild-eyed and firing blindly into that murderous frenzy to get at me and rip me apart. Then I spun myself back around to swim away.
\par Doorframes. Floor grates. Emergency light fixtures. It didn't matter. I clawed, scratched, and snatched at anything with some purchase. Anything that got me further away back down the hall from that blood-mad howling. Too slow. I was just too slow. It chased me all the way down the corridor into the next. And that was where I finally heard it. 
\par The worst sound I had ever heard in my life. 
\par ... The sound of that door ripping into pieces.
\par }
