{\rtf1\fbidis\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Garamond;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\ltrpar\fi720\sl480\slmult1\cf1\lang1033\f0\fs22 
\par The faceless screaming tore at the walls all up the red and black passage at me. Clicking on metal as they suddenly rushed headlong after, filling up the dark behind. I didn't look back. There was some kind of desk beside me in the corridor - an open space in the dead air beside. I swung myself over and through without another thought, and slid underneath.
\par There were a few seconds then where I couldn't hear anything but the blood rushing through my head. So loud it drowned everything else out. Those things tore down the hallway in slow motion, and my world narrowed down to the rabid thumping in my chest. 
\par I closed my eyes to shut it out.
\par And saw that dead forest from my last dream instead.
\par Those men were torn apart, shredded by shadow. Firebolts firing wildly and running desperate in the fog. For a moment it was those people on board that ship instead, as they fled screaming through the halls being butchered into pieces all along the decks. I saw it like it all happened in an instant right in front of me then. It didn't feel like a dream. Now it felt real.
\par My eyes opened again.
\par That throatless screaming was fading away down the corridor. It had passed right by me and I could hear it lashing out at the bulkheads back the way I had come, echoing like a waking nightmare. I could almost breathe again, and the shivering wasn't so violent anymore. I eased clammy palms against the underside of the desk where I floated and swallowed hard. My whole body shuddered.
\par Something slammed into the desktop above me.
\par I jerked, sucking in air. Then froze up, wide-eyed and staring at that metal like I could see through to the other side. Hands still flat against the underbelly, I felt it strain and shake with that thing on top it. For one horrifying moment ... I waited for it to come down for me there.
\par But it didn't. I managed to slowly edge my head around into the small cubby-room I was in behind that desk. The breath stuck fast in my throat again, and the low, red lights from the corridor painted shadows on the wall. One of them was huge, sitting right on top of that open space, and moving.
\par I waited, and listened. There was nothing else to do, struck frozen stiff beneath the desk. Clicking. This one didn't scream at me. Instead there was the wet sound of somethng ripping and scratching just on the other side of that metal between us. Inches away from my face.
\par It took me some time. But, eventually, I noticed the man-like shape underneath that bulk of shadow twitching against the wall. At least, I noticed the head shape sticking out to one side of it. And I watched the shades play against the wall as it dug into that corpse and chewed it to fleshy pieces.
\par A hand flopped over, hanging just over the edge of the desk and trickling blood down its fingers. Two of them were missing. A woman's hand. I fixed on that for a long time while the thing ripped into skin and bone and organ. I fixed on that for a long time after the thing was finished and clicked away after the others.\cf2\f1 
\par }
