{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Garamond;}}
{\colortbl ;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\cf1\lang1033\f0\fs22 
\par I laid there too long. It was hard not to, floating listlessly and hidden beneath that desk. Just like any other corpse onboard that ship right then. Just like that corpse in pieces right above me. Maybe they wouldn't find me. I almost felt safe there in the dark. Just another corpse.
\par Like Dad.
\par Something caught my eye - a sign on the wall. The letters were illuminated in that same red emergency light, but they were covered in black blood. I could just make them out.
\par EMERGENCY LIFEPODS.
\par Dad had said to get off the ship. I was happy where I was right then, though, aside from that dead, wet stink. They couldn't find me here. I was safe and hidden.
\par Dad's voice was in my head, and so was the sound that black, folding blade punching through his guts. Like an insane little whispering nagging at the back of my skull. I had to get off that ship. I had to.
\par Eventually, I managed to drag myself out from under there.
\par Everything was slow. The chill in the lifeless air was not from the cold. I shivered, and twitched, jerking at every tiny shadow that caught in the corner of my eye as I pulled myself around the corpse atop the desk and out into the room.  I didn't look at the body. I just swam away.
\par A hand caught the door next to that sign. Shaking, and looking little better than the one splayed out back on top of the desk. I wedged bloody fingers in between and started pushing and pulling. They were numb, and next to useless. Still, I managed to get it open and not cry out at the floating corpse of a small boy that attacked me inside. I yanked it out of the way. Then I was staring down a ladder well.
\par One of those things scurried past down below. 
\par I twisted back with a jerk, squeezing my eyes shut and choking on my tongue. 
\par I sucked in a few ragged breaths there in the dark. Waited. And when I looked back - it was gone. 
\par Or maybe not. I hesitated, trembling there alone. It could have been just waiting down there for me. Chewing on another corpse and hoping for some fresher meat to rend in two. 
\par I was missing my hiding spot under the desk already.
\par But Dad was there again. Whispering for me to go, out of his broken body on the floor. I took a deep, tremulous breath.
\par A moment later, I upended, pulling the firebolt back out and myself down toward the bottom.
\par My hands were still shaking when I peeked out from the ceiling. The knuckles were white around the gun in one, fingers in a death grip on the pistol. I didn't see any sign of those things. But I could still hear them. Fortunately, for me, another of those signs pointed to the lifepods in a corridor just ahead.
\par I pushed my way, still trembling all over, out of the ladder well. And something snatched at my hand.
\par I screamed. I also twisted around and nearly lost the gun. Somehow, I got it between us, though. And I would have fire too. 
\par If it hadn't been Dad hanging there right then.
\par "Evelyn!"
\par I froze up, wide-eyed. Staring at that ghost hovering over me with the face of my dead father. It choked up some blood at me, rasping. Adding it to the rest of what covered me since slipping between the cracks of hell. But he tightened his grip on my arm like it was the only thing keeping him tethered to the world. The pain from that death-like grip felt real enough too.
\par How ...?
\par "Over there," he gasped out at me, pointing a feeble arm ahead. "Now!" And tried to push me that way. His guts were still leaking. I could see that now. There was a trail of droplets leading all the way back down that hall, pooling just outside the ladder well.
\par But I caught him then, pulling him close. There wasn't much else I could do, so I just started crying into his bloody coat. For a moment, I forgot anything and everything else but the feel of some life still left in that old man's body as I hugged it tight. For the first time, I ignored the sound of those things stalking the decks. But he just tried to drag me along anyways.
\par It forced me to sober up enough to realize that he couldn't do it. His face was shock-pale and bloodless. I looked up but he almost seemed to ignore me, clawing his way through the air toward those lifepods. He kept a death-grip around me, though. With a nauseous pit welling deep in my stomach, I just turned around and started helping him pull both of us that way.
\par I helped Dad inside one without a word. And we closed the hatch shut behind us.
\par "That console," he managed, directing me. For once, I just did what I was told, nodding tearfully as he coughed out the launch sequence. It was simple enough. And by the time we were done, the whole pod lurched. Then we were flying free.
\par I only had a small chance to see that ship before we boarded back at the station. But I got a good look at it up close as we jettisoned away, staring out bleary-eyed through the rear hatch porthole. Big enough for thousands of people. It was floating dead in space now on its side like some rotting fish. All dead now. All because of me.
\par I asked myself why, but I had no answer. I'm not sure why I'd think I would.
\par "Evelyn ..."
\par Dad's voice brought me back around. He could barely speak. Not that that stopped him. He stabbed me with those piercing eyes - filmy now - and made me listen.
\par "Plot these coordinates," he told me, and I followed along on the navigational computer while he listed them off haltingly from memory. His face twisted abruptly as he glanced over at the readouts, and the big black spot on his stomach wasn't leaking so much anymore. "They'll take you to Lyricum. It shouldn't be far ... not-not that far ..."
\par He started to drift away from me, eyes losing that hard light as they fell aside. I dove across the cramped compartment, though, and shook him back awake. He grimaced up at me, and started right in again without missing a beat.
\par "There is a low-orbit station there," he told me, fainter this time. "Jerod, and Alarra. Jerod ... and Alarra. You must find them there. R-repeat it ..."
\par "Wh-what?" I choked back.
\par "Repeat it to me. Evelyn."
\par I shook my head, but I did.
\par "J-Jerod. Alarra. O-on ... L-Lyricum," I managed. 
\par His eyes began to droop again, and I clutched tighter, digging into his arms.  I choked out his name, but he couldn't even look up at my tear-streaked face. And I couldn't think of anything else to say to make him.
\par "I hoped they wouldn't find you so soon," he mumbled on, not seeing me anymore. "I was so ... careful ..." He gagged abruptly. More blood spilled out into the air past his lips. "Years of planning ... cut short ... like this ...
\par "I should have told you more ..."
\par Wet, hacking coughs racked his old body then. He spit up blood, and I just tried not to get it right in my face. I was already drenched. I didn't want any more of his too.
\par "I'm so sorry, Evelyn," he managed at the last, between coughing and choking on his own words. For some reason, I was sure it wasn't me he was apologizing to. He didn't even know I was still there. Not anymore.
\par He rattled off a few more breaths, eyes squeezed shut. He didn't speak again after that. And neither did I. We both just waited until, eventually, he stopped breathing at all. 
\par I felt the life go out of him. And then it was just me.
\par }
