{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Garamond;}}
{\colortbl ;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\cf1\lang1033\f0\fs22 
\par I thought I was going to lose it by the end of that first day.
\par I had been stuck - \i crammed\i0  into that tiny little locker. Folded up and stiff for what felt like forever! And everything was starting to ache. There were slits cut into the metal on the door, but ... but I could still \i feel\i0  myself suffocating. I just needed out. I just needed to get the hell out of there and breathe and-
\par The door crept open. I had my fingers on it. Careful - against the metal creaking. My eyes blinked back and forth between it and my pad in the other hand. Even though the cameras showed Ev still out cold and her dad sitting engrossed with the pilot's console, I felt paranoid. And I kept on feeling that way long after my feet touched the deck outside that locker.
\par I stretched for a long time. The idea of stuffing myself back inside that thing was miserably depressing. For a few minutes, I started fantasizing about how I'd just barge out there and not get thrown out the airlock by old Weir-do. For a few minutes, I actually plotted it out. But we were far away from Riftwatch now and after all I'd seen, read, and heard ...
\par Well. I wasn't sure \i what\i0  Dr. Weir was capable of anymore.
\par I'd waited there for maybe an hour before he came in with Ev in his arms. She'd been out cold, and barely looked alive. That really old guy from down in the archives had been there too. He hadn't looked that great either. I couldn't hear anything through the camera feeds - not that I would have risked it - but those two only talked for a few minutes. Then we finally took off.
\par I had been too excited and uncomfortable to sleep but I did it anyways. Off and on in spurts. It wasn't like I could do much, folded up in that compartment like I was. Each time I woke up in a fit more stiff and tired than when I passed out. My arms and legs barely worked by the time I worked up the desperation to take a step outside and stretch. Weir-do had barely moved a centimeter from his seat the whole while and Ev was asleep.
\par At least, she had been. Some movement on the cameras caught my eye in a flash, and I saw her struggling to get up. She must have been really messed up when they brought her in, because it took her forever to make it back to the toilet. Plenty of time for me to conveniently stuff myself back inside my locker.
\par Ev hung out there for a while, dry heaving over the bowl. I thought about coming out and letting her know I was there, but didn't work up the courage to before she crawled back out again. And I never got a chance again before that trip was over.
\par Ev got better after that and danced around the cabin, talking to her dad off and on for hours and hours between sleeping fits. She started to look better too, which was good. I just felt worse and worse. And by the time they finally stopped the shuttle for good, it was all I could do to flop out of the closet onto the deck once they were gone.
\par Weir-do had grabbed a bunch of stuff, gave Ev her backpack, and pushed them out the door. I had to roll around for a minute before I could even get myself together enough to race after them.
\par And I suddenly found myself lost in a crowd of people.
\par Stepping off the shuttle was probably the most surreal thing I'd ever done in my life. I hadn't thought about it. Hadn't expected it. But suddenly, somehow, I was on a different station with a different name blaring out over the intercoms and a different mass of people swarming around inside its hulls. It might as well have been a different world. Like I'd suddenly just been magically transported there instead.
\par Oh, I knew old Weir-do must have brought us there. That the whole adventure was my first time off the station ever had been in the back of my head the whole way. And now it abruptly came rushing to the front, and all I could do was stare, dumbfounded and wide-eyed, as I gazed around.
\par People were everywhere. Tall, short, old, young, poor, dark, light, dressed and ... partly dressed. Whatever. I'd never seen so many different kinds crowded around one place before. Sure, Bertram got a few interesting travelers from the inner system coming round to see him every once in a while, and one or two from the outer - but this was different. So different. I laughed out loud as I took it all in.
\par I might have stood there gawking for another hour, I think, if I hadn't abruptly remembered Ev and her dad.
\par I couldn't find them. Not for a while. A frantic dash around, pushing through those throngs and I did eventually catch sight of them taking one of the lifts that they had scattered about that level. I followed, but I hadn't seen which level they went to so I just followed the flow. I guess I got lucky, because I managed to catch Ev while her dad was hunched over a terminal on the far side of that deck after only a few tries, and there were dozens of different levels. But I think I got unlucky too. Because Ev saw me.
\par I ducked out of sight as soon as she did. It wasn't hard to hide in all that noise and movement. The voices of everyone else murmuring was like a dull roar in my ears with the belated, unintelligible crackling of station alerts over their intercoms somewhere above and around. Neon lights and signs flashed overhead in the muted ambient lighting. The only thing keeping me from blending in were my clothes. For the first time in my life, I found a place that made me feel almost too clean.
\par I waited there, tasting the faintly acrid air on my tongue, while those two did whatever they were doing. Eventually, they moved on and Ev's dad herded her toward a line that barely moved for hours. I waited then too - bored, and listless. I took in as much more of the sights as I could, but I really just wanted to move around and see for myself. Too bad I had to stay there and keep an eye on them. At least until I realized just what that line was for.
\par They were getting on a transport ship! My head reeled as soon as I realized they weren't headed back to the shuttle. What the hell was \i I\i0  going to do? Huh? I couldn't get on a transport ship! 
\par Wait. Could I?
\par Maybe. I thought about it. Then I thought about that shuttle sitting alone back down in one of the docking bays where we'd left it. Was Weir-do just going to leave it there? I guess so.
\par So ... 
\par ... I guess he really didn't care what happened to it, then.
\par }
