{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Garamond;}}
{\colortbl ;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sl480\slmult1\qc\cf1\lang1033\ul\f0\fs22 
\par \pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\ulnone "PROXIMITY ALERT."
\par "What ..."
\par I blinked up from half-dozing against the pilot's console only to see that blinking back loudly. Oh, and a huge chunk of metal flying right at me.
\par "... the -"
\par I hadn't been strapped into the seat. Everything upended in a sudden, violent outcry of grinding steel and flashing red lights. It flung me back up and over the chair into the deck. I crashed into a shoulder, and flopped over onto my stomach. And the rest of the shuttle came raining down on top.
\par Vertigo. I lay there on the floor for a moment as the whole shuttle spun, alarms blaring and trying to snatch me up towards the wall. It rained random garbage, and a low whirring started to crescendo. Sparks popped, crackled, and danced across panels. It was a wonder nothing caught on fire. And, all the while, a sharp, brain-numbing pain was screaming and swallowing me in white noise from that one shoulder.
\par Eventually, I realized my mouth was open. I squeezed it shut, clenching my teeth instead. Found my good hand, and pushed up from the deck with it. The shuttle knocked me back over. And then I half-crawled, half-slid along the metal floor toward the pilot's chair with that bad arm cradled close into my stomach.
\par A hand crept up the console and managed to sputter the engines with a few clumsy slaps. It took another minute for the thing to stop spinning. Longer still for the dizziness to pass. I waited.
\par The shuttle was drifting fast when I climbed back into the chair, hunching over my numb arm. A couple sporadic bursts from the engines slowed it down. They were malfunctioning, though. The readout told my that much at least. The autopilot had taken me as close to a dead stop as it could before that thing hit. Barely moving, though, that thing had smacked me pretty good. 
\par If I had thought to spend any more time worrying about that, though, I was wrong. When I glanced up towards the forward view again, I stopped dead in my tracks. 
\par Figuratively, anyways.
\par A ship loomed out there. A huge cruiser that blotted out the stars all around. I was close - a few hundred meters at most. That hull felt like it was flat against the forward port. If I hadn't stopped when I did ...
\par Bertram would call it 'dumb luck'. The 'dumb' being me, and the 'luck' being bad - his, that is. For me not finally doing something stupid enough to get out of his non-existent hair for good.
\par The other ship was barely moving. Its hull was dark from what I could see, and the whole thing looked dead in space. I tried to peek around but it was almost impossible to tell if it was the same ship. Not that I wasn't absolutely sure, though. There wasn't much chance it could be anything else out there just then.
\par Ev and her dad were on that ship. At least, they had been. I had lost sight of them over the past ten hours or so as the transport cruiser eventually outpaced my little borrowed shuttle. I might have started to panic a bit over getting lost out there, too. Now, I wasn't sure just \i what\i0  to think anymore.
\par But I started with the engines. They were glitching up on me, and it was hard to tell just what was wrong since the only thing the readout would say was "CATASTROPHIC DAMAGE."
\par A few minutes tinkering with it and my left hand got some control back in one of them. I eased that one in small bursts to turn the shuttle around. It was while I was slowly spinning it back toward open space, though, that I noticed the other ship out there.
\par Another cruiser. Sleek, and very much alive compared to the dead, bloated transport. Cannons and turrets dotted the black hull all over, almost invisible but for the dark splotch of absent stars behind. It hung there more than a hundred kilometers away.
\par I froze. The engines died with me, but the shuttle didn't. A few desperate, one-fisted pounding on the console again fixed that. I got a blip of current through and the other engine fired for a second. The shuttle stopped moving with a slow whine.
\par I wasn't stupid. It might have been the first time I had ever left Riftwatch station - home - but I had seen enough vids and read enough of Ev's books from Nolan to know a thing or two about what went on elsewhere in the system. And it didn't take me long to figure out that other cruiser was a gunship.
\par Debris floated free through space around the transport. The other ship hovered where it was, keeping pace with the dead cruiser. Had it seen me? The one good palm was hot and clammy against the console as I stared out at the thing. It was eerily quiet. Or maybe 'still' was a better word. It's not like there was a lot to hear out there in between ports. But if it could do that kind of damage to a ship as big as the transport cruiser, I had no doubts about what it could do to my little rickety shuttle.
\par I'm not sure just how long I sat like that, waiting for one of those guns to flash before my whole world was vaporized in an instant. The moment didn't come. At least, not before something else started moving out of the corner of my eye.
\par A big slab of metal debris was wedged into the side of the transport cruiser. It rattled free, breaking off into space. Then it suddenly hummed to life and started spinning around. It took me a few, stunned seconds, but I realized it was another shuttle like mine.
\par The place where that other shuttle had broken free decompressed into space, vomiting out bits and pieces after it. I watched as it darted away, speeding towards that attack cruiser still hovering out of the way. And that was when I also noticed some of those bits flying after it were corpses.
\par Some of them were still moving. I stared, eyes wide and still fixed. Not the human-looking ones, though. No. Those moving corpses looked like ...
\par Well. I had no idea just \i what \i0 they were supposed to look like.
\par They thrashed and lashed out as they hurtled out into open space after the shuttle. One actually caught onto it, but the engines blasted it clear as the ship took off toward the cruiser. Then they were just floating free, twitching violently in vacuum. I just watched.
\par And, for the longest time, that was all I did. Hours, it seemed like. Long enough for that other shuttle to disappear inside the belly of the attack cruiser and both of them to speed away somewhere else. Even after that, I could only watch those things floating in the black outside the dead ship. I forgot about that gunboat streaking the horizon.
\par At some point, the transport cruiser came to life again. Long enough to disengorge itself again. This time, though, a small pod shot free from the inside out into open space. It didn't take any chunks with it, and no more of those creatures were dragged out into nothingness. It just slowed down, whipped around, and sped off ahead of the cruiser. 
\par It flew right past my shuttle from behind. I twisted around, watching it go.
\par I sat there for a long time after that, still doing nothing. I wasn't stupid, but it took a long time for the idea to get through my head with everything else I had just seen. Ev had been on that ship. Her dad too. For a moment, I thought about getting on board and finding them. Another look at those things floating out in space still moving, though, and ...
\par Dr. Weir would have gotten them out of there. No matter what happened, he would have. I had known him almost as long as Ev. He always knew what to do. He always had the right answer.
\par I kicked the sputtering engines into gear and started limping my way after that escape pod. I didn't think about going onboard that ship to find them. The thought started in my head and got squashed beneath those twitching ... \i things\i0  out in the vacuum. No way in hell.
\par They \i had \i0 gotten off.\cf2 
\par }
