{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Garamond;}}
{\colortbl ;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\cf1\lang1033\f0\fs22 
\par When I woke up, I was on the floor again.
\par I choked up some air in my lungs. Smoke. The cabin was thick with it. My chest rattled as I glanced around quickly at the burst panels and dead readouts everywhere. My whole body ached, not just the one shoulder. I winced.
\par It took me some time to remember where I was. Longer still, to remember what had happened. While I waited, I started undoing the pilot's seat straps. I had taken the whole thing with me to the floor.
\par That shuttle barely made it through the atmosphere. Me too, though I had made sure to strap myself in tight this time. Too bad the thing shook itself to pieces anyways.
\par The autopilot took care of most of the mess, but it was gone by the time we touched down. Crashed - more like it. The computer blew up in my face on the last few hundred meters down to the ground, and I felt some sticky blood on my cheek. It stung.
\par So much for keeping Nolan's shuttle in one piece.
\par I tumbled out of the chair with an unceremonious flop to the floor. From there, I got an even better view of the undersides of those busted consoles and scrap scattered on the ground. I tried to push myself up with my one good arm, wincing and wondering if I could still call it that. By the time I did get myself up and sitting - leaning - against the downed pilot's chair, I was out of breath and sweating.
\par It was warm in there. Warmer than I had realized, though the smoke and burnt out panels might have had something to do with it. The air was different too, aside from the burnt-electronics smell. It stuck in my lungs like it was too full to get down. I had a hard time breathing it all. And that was when I saw the back of the shuttle.
\par Eyes still a bit glassy, I stared at where the hull had been punched right through. Not a big hole, but the dent around it was. Not that the shuttle was getting back up anytime soon - or ever. I seemed to remember spinning end over end and hitting a lot on the way down and along the ground. But that wasn't too important then.\cf2 
\par \cf1 I was planetside.
\par I wheezed out a laugh, just staring. It was a thousand times greater than even that other station. For a long while, it was just that open hole seeping in fresh, unfiltered air from outside. For a long while, my whole world. Then I moved toward the rear hatch. No power, though, of course. It took me a minute to figure out where the manual release was and even that wasn't working too well. Ducking down low, I skidded out into a warm wash of dazzling light.
\par I upended again. This time, though, it was back into the rear hatch and tumbling to the ground, hand clutched to my face. That light overwhelmed and blinded me, and I stumbled around in a white-black void behind the shadows of my fingers and aching eyelids for a couple seconds, flopping around on dirt. Dirt! A loud, rustling noise had erupted everywhere all around me, but I couldn't see. After bumping the shuttle a few more times and gasping out in a panic, I tripped myself up completely and landed on my side, sucking in shallow breaths.
\par That rustling never stopped. The whole world was moving around me, unraveling and shifting like an angry maelstrom and I felt the air gust with a force strong enough to knock me over again when I tried to scramble back up. Again, I ended up panting frantically on the ground, eyes squeezed shut against the blinding light.
\par I had read about things like that. At least, I thought it was the same. That howling sound brought the idea of a terrible, planetside storm to mind, but I felt no water. There was supposed to be rain, I think. And light? It felt more like someone had thrown me into the sun.
\par It was hot. But not like that. It felt a bit anticlimactic, but I lay there for long enough to realize that nothing else was moving around me. At least not \i right\i0  around me. I couldn't speak for what I couldn't feel, though, and that's all I had left for what seemed like forever. I tried opening my eyes to the dirt a few times. Eventually, they took.
\par Grass, and dirt. The first thing I noticed was just how much of it. Even with the fading fuzziness and black spots in my eyes, I could see it stretch on forever. It moved lightly too, swaying in that gust that had me pinned down. Pushing in all over and across my body, it swept away some of that heat bearing down.
\par The light wasn't everywhere. I picked up on that pretty quickly once I got my eyes blinking into focus on the ground ahead again. I could feel it beating down into my back like that heat, and washing everything else around me. I started to get a good look at it all, though, squinting up from the ground and following that vast expanse of earth and brush toward rigid stalks of bark and timber. Trees. Not like the ones in Riftwatch's gardens. Taller. Wild, and free. Crawling with bugs and rampant growth.
\par The sun.
\par I covered my eyes with a hand, and tentatively whisked back around. It kept the light dulled down to only near-blinding levels. And gave me the chance to get a better look around and up. More trees. More grass and dirt. More nothing metal or human or electronic in anyway outside the wreck of my shuttle.
\par I worked my way up those trees. They stretched on forever, spearing an overcast of pale blue. No stars. I almost panicked for another minute, but I remembered that that was normal. At least, planetside it was. \i Real\i0  atmosphere. I looked at fluffy, white ribbons scouring its length and fragmented memories of Ev's books told me clouds. Not like the flourescent nebulae of the Rift. These were different - much more new and real and beautiful. Even the smoke trailing up from my busted shuttle was beautiful once the blinding light let up a bit. And my eyes were adjusting. But that was when I noticed its twin wisping some ways away.
\par "Ev ..."
\par That world wasn't coming apart around me. At least, I didn't think so. That thundering, howling rustle was thousands upon thousands of leaves tinkling in that torrential gust beating at my skin and clothes. I got up, and it tried to shove air down my throat in huge gulps. I could stand without falling over, though, if I remembered to try. I did, because I remembered why I was even there in the first place.
\par I charged off into the trees toward that smoke.\cf2 
\par }
