{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Garamond;}}
{\colortbl ;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\cf1\lang1033\f0\fs22 
\par Those trees swallowed me up fast as soon as I plunged into them away from the shuttle. They cut that gusting air trying to beat me back in half, but I could still feel it clawing at my skin and thrashing at sticks and weeds as I ran. 
\par I think it was a forest I landed in - what with all those oversized trees everywhere - and I lost sight of the smoke trail inside it. My feet carried me as straight as they could, though I kept tripping over them. Dried leaves crunched underfoot and soft earth yielded, making me bounce along broken branches and creeping roots. I got a faceful of dirt a few times before I could chuck myself back up and forward. And I was twice as beat up by the time I found the trail again.
\par Canopies peeled back in the wind, and I caught another whiff of smoke. I squinted up above the trees, choking out heavy breaths, and could just make it out with the sun still beating down brighter than life. I kicked myself and started up hobbling along again that way.
\par The brush got thicker, and I had to scale a boulder or two just to reach a fallen, rotting log to roll myself haphazardly over. I was sweating, breathless, and stumbling when I saw a splintered stake of wood on fire sticking out of the ground. I leaned against a tree beside me and just stared at it for a second while I sucked in air through my teeth.
\par A big, steaming hunk of metal lay still just beyond.
\par I was shakier on my feet when I finally managed to push off again. This time, it wasn't the ground tripping me up. Eyes kept darting around that crashed pod, desperate for any sign of anyone. I half-stumbled, half-trudged-jogged over that way. But no one else was there.
\par Small fires and huge chunks of ash in upturned dirt littered the clearing where the pod had landed. At least, \i now \i0 it was a clearing. Trees lay felled, burnt, and exploded into timbers all around. A few had even collapsed on top of the thing itself, and I had to climb underneath to get to it.
\par Holding onto the trunk of one of those downed trees, I was able to swing myself down behind the pod. The rear hatch port was small, and cracked. No help there. I didn't bother trying to look inside.
\par "Okay," I took a deep breath. "There's gotta be a release somewhere on this thing ..."
\par I scrounged around on the ground for a minute or so. Sweating, filthy, and wilting in the heat. Dirt rained down from the broken trees above and I tried unsuccessfully to ignore it. But it wasn't until I tried to grab a hold of metal that I realized it wasn't the sun making me sweat this time. It was the pod.
\par I snatched that hand back before it melted my skin off. And stared dumbly at the bark on those trees atop the thing that had caught fire.
\par "Well. That was \i almost \i0 stupid."
\par I could hear some biting thing Bertram would say in the back of my head and I managed a laugh.
\par Ugh. Whatever.
\par I couldn't figure it out to open it. But it wasn't like I had anything better to do anyways. So I climbed back out away from those flames, and waited.
\par And waited.
\par And waited.
\par And eventually, it cooled down.
\par A lifetime later and I could get close enough to find the dumb release. Close enough to realize it was actually already open. Just a little bit.
\par  ... But I tried not to think about that too much. 
\par So I just popped it all the way, and the pod flipped back its rear hatch, squealing loudly at me and the rest of the trees. It quit halfway through. I had to yank it the rest of the way to look inside.
\par It was empty.
\par And I stared down inside, uncomprehending. I couldn't wipe the relief and excitement off my face from a second ago. It just did its work of slowly dying over the next few.
\par "Ev?" I asked to the empty space beneath. For some reason, it didn't feel like answering me back.
\par "... Doctor Weir ... ?"
\par That didn't seem to work either.
\par They had been in that pod. They \i had\i0  been. I was sure of it. They had survived and gotten off that ship in one piece.
\par Maybe I didn't see it at first. Or I just didn't want to. I blinked my eyes, pulling back. The sun poured in without me blocking its way. And suddenly those dark smudges all over the place weren't just shadows' play on the inside. 
\par It was blood.\cf2 
\par }
