{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Garamond;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\cf1\lang1033\f0\fs22 
\par I reeled. 
\par Everything started to recede from outside me, like the blood was seeping its way back in close to the heart. First slow. Then faster and faster. I drowned in a whitewash of white noise and, the next thing I knew, I was on the ground in the dirt.
\par Things started to slowly push back out from where they were trapped inside my skull. Feeling crept into my hands and feet, fingers and toes. And with it, the horrible thought that -
\par No. 
\par They couldn't be -
\par No. I couldn't even think it. I shook my head so hard it almost came off. I started to wish it would.
\par No.
\par They had gotten out of there. I had already been too late. I must have been. They were free and out and already making their way through the forest back to somewhere safe.
\par I clawed my way back up to my feet.
\par I scrounged around the pod, desperate for any tracks. A footprint in the ash and mud, some trampled brush - anything! I made five runs around the steaming pod and cinders of fallen trees and ... nothing.
\par Giving up might have started to seem pretty good right about then. Maybe to someone else. Anyone else. Except I had no idea what else I could possibly do if I didn't find them. I was lost. And alone. I didn't even know what stupid planet I was on.
\par What if they weren't even in that escape pod? What if I followed it for nothing? And now I was stuck! What the hell would I do if-
\par I did find something, though. Eventually. 
\par I was grasping at straws and fading hopes when I reached the edge of the clearing, arms wrapped tight around me to ward of the inevitable realization and hopelessness. I could feel it coming just around the bend, but I wasn't ready for it yet. I wasn't stupid, but ... I wasn't ready for it yet either.
\par But that's when I found a footprint in the dirt.
\par Or maybe not.
\par I stopped, and bent low. It looked like ... \i something\i0 , anyways. 
\par Something heavy had printed in the dirt there. I didn't know much about those things, but someone always did in terrestrial vids. There were no other tracks around it. They just started up there, a half-dozen meters away from the pod, and tore away into the woods. Nothing like shoeprints anyways.
\par I looked up that way, gradually. And it made the hairs on the back of my neck perk up. For a while, all I could do was stare into those shadows hidden away from the blinding sun beneath the trees. And breathe.
\par It got real quiet. All I could hear was myself and that emptiness between me in the whitewashed clearing and the darkness that managed to find somewhere to hide beneath all the light. Then something else abruptly broke the silence from behind.
\par  The horizon broke. There, all the way across the sky, thunder cracked loudly up in the clouds above. No rain, though, or lightning, like I'd read. Just a heavy orange-yellow glow as they billowed out like boiling over steam, getting bigger and bigger. It blocked out the sun and kept coming. 
\par It took a minute, with me squinting up at that fiery cloud-thrust out from the skyline forgetting to close my mouth. Somehow, I didn't think that was normal. Not with the way those clouds were boiling and rolling over like that. What did I know, though? And before I could wonder what the hell was even going on now, they suddenly belched up a flaming ball of molten metal with another thunderous clap that knocked me flat to the ground from three klicks up.
\par I got a good view of that thing howling out of that hole in the sky then, as it flashed down toward the ground. Flames whipped off it and scorched the tops of trees above me, filling the air all around with a shrill screaming whine that drowned out everything else. It roared just overhead, and I sucked in 'til my lungs were bursting, wide-eyed before it passed. It shrieked off for a bit. Then it came back around.
\par I stared without moving as it circled back around in mid-air, spent itself, sputtered overhead again, and plunged into the forest behind me. I felt the ground rattle underneath.
\par When it was all over, I just lay there for a few seconds, swallowing hard. I had gotten a good look at that whipping ball thrusting through low orbit, though. Not a shuttle or ground-air ship breaking atmosphere, and meteors didn't move like that.
\par It was another life pod.\cf2\f1 
\par }
