{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Garamond;}}
{\colortbl ;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\cf1\lang1033\f0\fs22 
\par I was alone. 
\par Utterly ... alone.
\par I remembered thinking that. As I pulled Ev away from the blood-drenched body that used to be her dad. The second life pod was as lifeless and painted red as the first. Except this one had one dead old man and his as-good-as-dead daughter in it. I had popped it open too, and screamed at the sight.
\par "EV!"
\par That pink-haired girl shrieked like the desperate and deranged while she hauled that lifeless body over and out. She turned into clumsy, shaking hands and nervous fits, clawing at the blood-soaked edges of her best and only friend. Eventually, she got the other woman out. Eventually, she hauled that listless corpse over and collapsed down underneath it.
\par "\i NO\i0 ! EV!" 
\par She was in hysterics and kept up with that shriek. I kind of wished she would just shut up since the sound was hurting my ears.
\par Both hands caught the other woman's arms.
\par Weir's dead, was the loud, frantic, and utterly deadpan thought in both our heads.
\par The girl started kicking back wildly to drag all of us away from that grave.
\par Weir's dead.
\par And only made it a couple, broken steps before she tripped over again.
\par Weir's DEAD!
\par "EV!"
\par She clawed her way up at the other woman, pounding at her pale, lifeless face. She slapped bare skin, screamed in her ears, and beat her about the chest and shoulders with a violent, desperate fury. It was a one-sided fight. 
\par But, eventually, she won. 
\par \i I \i0 won.
\par Ev spat up blood in my face, choking and gasping back to life. Her face got no color, but her black eyes flashed open. And she was breathing.
\par Too bad things didn't get much better after that.
\par I guess I got the other woman back into the world of the living. But she was dead-set against staying there. There was a hole in her - somewhere. I could see the angry gash on her arm and blood soaked her stomach that wasn't all her dad's. She lay there, staring, like a breathing corpse. She wouldn't move no matter what I did. So I had to drag her all the way back to the shuttle's smoking wreck.
\par It was like watching someone else again. The other woman was nearly gone by the time we got to the wreck, eyes half-lidded and twitching while drops of blood trailed all the way back to her pod. I barely made it myself, collapsing against the burnt hull. I couldn't feel my arms anymore, but Ev started dying on me again. In another blind panic, I almost didn't see the emergency med kit while I tore apart the cabin with what little I had left. And then, I hardly knew what to do with the gaping wound belching up blood at me from inside Ev's side.
\par "Uh ...!"
\par I fumbled with some instructions inside the thing while the other woman bled out, fingers smearing more blood all over. Thank god it had pictures.
\par I pulled out a bottle and a gun, frowned at the gun, and then practically threw the bottle out of my shaking hand trying to rinse that ripped up hole. Clear liquid spilled all over the dying woman's bared stomach. And she abruptly woke up to scream out into my face.
\par I panicked again. Antiseptic went everywhere. Some even got on that wound. And Ev collapsed down again - out.
\par There was another bottle. That one sprayed out a sickly yellow across Ev's skin. Blood kept seeping out, mixing to make orange, though. The gun came next. I had to re-read the instructions three times before it got through my head what it wanted me to do. I stuck the thing flush with that gaping wound and the oversized nozzle started stapling the skin underneath back together.
\par I smeared away the blood after that, and laughed out loud when only a trickle seemed to get through. There was a syringe that came with it all that I fidgeted with at the end. I just barely managed to stick it in the other woman without gouging my own eye out.
\par It took a few more minutes of checking and waiting before Ev's breathing evened out a bit. It was still weak and quick, and so was her heartbeat, but the bleeding seemed to stop. I put a hand to that cold, sweaty forehead, and thought she looked just a little bit better than before. It was only then, after all that and everything, that I finally fell back against the side of the shuttle and breathed out myself. 
\par Everything was numb, and too tired to even move. I don't think I ever felt so drained in all my life. Bertram would have said: "It's about time you did some work."
\par "Hey," I gasped out an exhausted laugh at Ev's comatose form there on the ground. I couldn't help a little dazed smile on my face. 
\par "I just saved your life."
\par I laughed some more at the thought of it. Sitting there. Sprawled out and worn out beside my near-dead friend. Lost on some alien planet only god knew where so far from home. Weir was dead - stuffed in and bled out in that life pod. My shuttle was wrecked. And we were alone.
\par I wasn't laughing so much by the end of that thought.
\par }
