{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Garamond;}}
{\colortbl ;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\cf1\lang1033\f0\fs22 
\par I let Ev sleep it out on the ground for a while. Honestly, I really didn't know what else to do. I thought about it. In fits. Stalking about the burnt-out clearing around the shuttle while I stressed over other things. But I had never had to deal with anything like that before, and anything I had read or watched that included people bleeding like that usually had some doctor around to fix them up. Or they, well ... died.
\par Ev wasn't dying, though. I kept telling myself that as I stomped around chewing on various fingernails. I would have called for help. I \i could\i0  have. Except there wasn't any feed coming down to our little corner of wilderness paradise. My pad couldn't pick up anything, and neither could the comm on my wrist. I tried Ev's communicator, but it had gotten fried somehow. I ended up tearing apart the shuttle anew for something - \i anything -\i0  else that might help. Most of those old shuttles had some kind of equipment for situations like this, right? And I got lucky when I found some flares and a good, old-fashioned distress beacon.
\par Again, someone was smart enough to include instructions with something that I had no idea how to use yet. Really. So I sat down with the small device in front of me in the dirt and started to put it together. Pretty soon, I had a working beacon with its own little red light blinking on the side that the instructions said meant it was transmitting. Maybe someone would even find us before too long. I could hope. Other than that, all there was to do was ... well, wait.
\par It was several hours until nightfall - something that had consisted simply of a timed alarm and the flicking of a light switch to "off" for my entire life. The real thing was a little more unsettling than I would have thought. That general yellowish-white wash over everything under the sun quickly grew dull and dimmed to a bluish black. Space was almost always dark. But it was something entirely different planetside. Dark things always came out in the dark - go figure. At least in anything scary I had ever watched or read. And all of those things popped back into my head while I watched the sun go down over the distant horizon. 
\par It didn't take long for me to start jumping at shadows. The difference between these ones and those on Riftwatch, though ... were that these ones came from \i real\i0  live things moving around out there. And I had absolutely no idea what they were.
\par Bringing Ev inside the shuttle seemed like a good idea. Yeah. No way were we going to sleep outside with all of - \i that\i0 . I hadn't dared leave the other woman out of sight the whole time she lay there near-death. I just had to drag and slide her around and through the broken rear hatch door, hoping I wasn't making any injuries worse. It took a little while. 
\par It was full-on night by the time I was done, but I got us both inside and found the emergency rations. And I tore into those with a fury despite how bad they tasted. I tried to get some sleep after that, but it was hard with all those creakings and groanings and clickings going on out there. Really, \i really \i0 hard.
\par If I had thought to be skinned and ripped apart or eaten in the middle of my first night on a planet, though, I was pretty disappointed. I made it through all right, but it was hard to tell if Ev had improved any the next morning. She didn't seem like she moved much all night. And it took a few for me to get over my own stiff and aching parts from the crash. My shoulder, especially, was killing me. Dragging a body through the woods didn't help much either. 
\par How \i had\i0  I managed to do that, anyways? I must have been a lot stronger than I thought. 
\par Either way - I had to massage that shoulder for almost fifteen minutes before I could even get up. Ev still looked pale.
\par There were enough rations and water stored on board the shuttle for a little while, and I was pretty generous with spilling it all over Ev's face while trying to get something down her throat. The other woman choked up a lot, and I freaked out a few times, thinking that I was drowning her. She was still sweating and weak, and I could hardly leave her all alone. Even so, that couldn't stop me from seeing my first sunrise on a real live planet.
\par An hour had almost gone by before I realized I had just been standing there, staring into the horizon. I snapped back to, but the sight stayed with me. I was sure I had never seen anything so beautiful before in my life. And I could almost get mad at old Weir for ruining the whole thing for me by dying.
\par That sent me off feeling guilty and terrible. I kicked around for a while after that, not sure just what I could do and poking my head in on Ev every so often. She wasn't much good for talking, so I either had to think to myself or talk out loud to no one. Some birds flew overhead above the tops of the trees to distract me, but they took off in a hurry. Everything seemed a little quieter today than yesterday - a little less bursting with raw life. A little more \i dead\i0  I guess, like it was trying to keep pace with Ev in the shuttle. Still deafening compared to Riftwatch, though. And there were no people here too. 
\par You could almost say we'd crashed down into paradise. Too bad most of us were dead and I didn't have the faintest idea what the hell I was supposed to do.\cf2 
\par }
