{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Garamond;}{\f1\fnil Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\cf1\lang1033\f0\fs22 
\par At some point, I got the idea to check on Dr. Weir and the second life pod. 
\par I was restless, and one of the only things on that planet not moving. The pod wasn't far from where the shuttle had crashed, but still I broke out in an anxious fit thinking about something happening to Ev while I was gone. My legs still seemed to work well enough, even if my arm was tender. Eventually, I worked up the courage to kick myself into gear under the condition that I run the whole way. It ended up being more of a jog, but I got back to the pod in under ten minutes easy. 
\par There was a hope - small, and fragile - that Ev's dad was still alive. It was harder to think of him being dead, remembering the indomitable stares, steely-eyed determination, and resolute steadfastness that he had approached everything with all the years I had known him. He was titanic, and he was scary. Most of all, he always knew just what to do, and I really didn't want to have to make those kinds of decisions right now. I wasn't built for it at all.
\par But when I got to the clearing again, something was different. It was quiet, and still. Not like where the shuttle lay. Or had it been like that? I couldn't remember. Everything had been so hectic and crazy last time I was there.
\par The pod was all the way open. I wasn't sure, but I didn't think it had been when I left. Who knows - maybe? I \i had\i0  pulled a whole person out of that thing. Less a couple quarts of blood. Either way, I walked real slow when I got there, eyes darting about at every little thing.
\par When I got to the pod, I stepped up to look inside. Weir wasn't there. 
\par My breath caught.
\par Did the trees just get quieter?
\par Yes ...
\par Blood was still spilled all over the insides of that life pod. My knuckles were white above it where the mess had smeared and dried from pulling Ev out. There was too much in there for the old man. I knew that. There was no way he could have been alive. I knew that too. I had seen him. I had seen him dead, and staring.
\par Hadn't I?
\par Something moved.
\par My eyes snapped up, but there was nothing there. Just trees idling gently in the wind, rustling a thousand more leaves. My quick, shallow breathing still managed to drown everything else out. 
\par I glanced around. And then I noticed the other trail of blood.
\par Ev had bled out all the way back to shuttle - not much, but enough to leave a small trail. This other one, though ... it was much, much bigger. And it led in the other direction. Into the woods.
\par I followed that red-and-black mess with my eyes up to the treeline. It got dark after that, under the trees - hidden away from the daylight. I couldn't see anything further than a few dozen meters, but the trail didn't stop there.
\par My tongue was thick in my throat.
\par "D ... Doctor Weir?" I called out.
\par Funny. No one answered.
\par I tried again.
\par "Doctor Weir!"
\par A little voice in the back of my head was telling me that there was no way anyone could have left that much blood behind and still be alive. I dropped down from the pod and fell back a few, halting steps with that thought nagging at me. But my eyes were stuck on the tangle of bark and brambles up ahead. I tried to call out again. The sound caught in my throat entirely this time.
\par Something was moving. Something big. And something black. 
\par The shadows under those trees shifted, and started toward the clearing. There was a moment then of blind, overwhelming panic where my entire body just froze up in place on me. The next, and neither hands nor feet nor eyes knew which way they wanted me to run. Eventually, though, I got my mouth moving at least.
\par "Shit."
\par \pard\fi720\sl0\slmult1 And then I bolted.\cf2\f1 
\par }
