{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Garamond;}}
{\colortbl ;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\cf1\lang1033\f0\fs22 
\par I woke up with a splitting headache. I mean, a \i splitting\i0  headache. Oh, and I couldn't move.
\par That took me back for a second. I reached up with a hand to touch my throbbing head, and it wouldn't budge more than a couple inches. I mumbled out a few unintelligible words at that, unsure and still groggy. But I got my eyes open soon enough, and grimaced down at where my arms were bound. I was strapped to one of the bunks inside the shuttle.
\par I didn't start screaming for help or anything, but I did start thrashing wildly about. It got the attention of someone else inside the shuttle. And, for the first time, I noticed that man crouched there at the rear hatch. At the sound of me trying to wrest myself free, he twisted back around with a gun pointed at my head. 
\par My gun.
\par I mean - Ev's gun.
\par Either way, he stuck it in my face and I froze. I didn't quite like the thought of what one of those bolts of fire might do to my head. Not that I could keep it out.
\par It didn't seem to bother him much at all.
\par He stared at me. For the few moments I could manage to keep my eyes up and beyond the business end of that pistol, I stared at him too. Not a good look, since he had some kind of raggedy, old scarf wrapped around his head under the hood he had pulled down. But I could see his eyes as they pushed into me along with that gun. Dark. Brown. And cold. Dead, and cold. It was like looking at a corpse.
\par "What do-"
\par "Don't talk," he finally opened his mouth under that wrap about the same time I decided to. Coincidence, I'm sure. But he ground the edge of the barrel into my temple to drive the point home.
\par So, I waited.
\par And waited.
\par And waited.
\par And-
\par He twisted back around suddenly, looking toward the rear hatch. It gave me a chance to wonder why we were in the shuttle and what the hell he was waiting for. Those brown eyes were darting about like they'd heard something outside, and he reach a hand up to quickly unravel the scarf enough to let an ear free. And that was when I got a half-decent look at the tattoos on that one side of his face.
\par "You're Eluvian!" I gasped out.
\par The pistol abruptly cracked me on the side of the head. My vision went sideways. Black spots flickered across my eyes, and I had a hard time swallowing. For a while, all I could see was Evelyn lying there on the opposite bunk, unconscious still and breathing shallow breaths. She'd been strapped down too.
\par There was a buzzing in my ears. Like a weight pressing down. I waited for it to pass with eyes open but not really seeing anything. When the rest of the world finally did come back, though, that man was gone.
\par I blinked around for a few minutes, a little drunk on the pain inside my head. I laughed by myself and winced. And any fantasies about pulling a daring escape were crushed when our rescuer slipped back into cabin again, almost too quiet to even notice.
\par "Are you alone?" he asked then, keeping that rifle of his trained on the partially opened hatch but still managing to stick the pistol to my head once more. His eyes darted between the opening and me.
\par I didn't say anything this time. Those rifle- and pistol-whippings were too fresh in mind. I just glared back at him over Ev's gun, and kept my mouth shut until he crouched down right next to my ear.
\par "Are you alone?" he repeated in a low growl. "Who's with you?"
\par Maybe he thought I was dumb. That gaze beat at mine like a hammer again. I waited until he got angry and opened his mouth. Then I slammed my forehead right into his.
\par Looking back, it wasn't really the best idea. Seemed okay at the time, though.
\par He nearly flipped over onto the ground. In surprise more than anything else. No, it was my world that suddenly burst into blinding pain and agony.
\par "DAMN IT!"
\par I would have grabbed at my head again. Not that it would have done any good. Instead, I was left to grind it helplessly into the hard bunk underneath, desperate just to block out the throbbing in my skull. For all my trouble I only got a third lump there.
\par And maybe a little something else that I hid behind my wrist where he couldn't see.
\par "Tell me," the man grunted down at me, returning the gun to my temple and pressing hard. He regained his composure a lot quicker, and was standing over me now. 
\par "Now."
\par I winced without opening my eyes or looking at him. I could feel his own eyes on me just the same. Eventually, I just shook my head.
\par "Nobody's with us!"\cf2 
\par }
