{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Garamond;}{\f1\fnil Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\cf1\lang1033\f0\fs22 
\par "I said nobody's with us!"
\par I snapped at him again. If I thought that might get him to let up on the gun pointed at my brain, though, I was wrong. He pushed it even harder, enough to make me cry out a little in surprise.
\par "Are you sure?"
\par "What do you mean am I sure?" I snapped right back. "\i Yes\i0 , I'm sure. Asshole!"
\par He did ease back a bit after another second, but not by much. I just grimaced at him with one eye half-open.
\par "I thought you Eluvians weren't supposed to be into the whole killing thing," I mumbled miserably. He stared at me for a second. Then laughed. It wasn't a pleasant sound. More like grinding rubble.
\par "What rock did you just crawl off of?" he asked, and it was just as unpleasant. And rhetorical, because he didn't bother to wait for an answer to that one. 
\par "What happened to your friend here?"
\par He moved towards Ev still lying comatose on the other bunk. And I just about lost it.
\par "Get away from her!" 
\par I lashed out as violently as I could in an instant, but the ripped sheets binding me to the bed held me back. He ignored me, picking over her bandages. I couldn't see just what he was doing with his back to me, but I saw Ev squirm a bit in her sleep, groaning aloud. Her face was slick with sweat. 
\par  "Don't you fucking touch her!" I growled at him. And I threw in a few dozen more choice words about how stupid and ugly and dirty he was. He got tired of it eventually.
\par "Shut up," he snapped, but I didn't stop. Not until the gun came back, pointed at my head like always. He let Ev be, though. "I didn't touch her," he tried to lie to me. \tab 
\par I glared at him over the pistol. That kept him on me, and away from Ev.
\par "One more time," he said, voice low but unconcerned. I wasn't enough of a threat to him to forget her completely. "What happened to your friend?"
\par "What do \i you\i0  care?" I spat at him. But he didn't bother to let me in on a reason - just stared at me with that bludgeoning gaze. Eventually, I mumbled something angry out about her ship being attacked. It really didn't matter as long as he left her alone. And I made sure he thought she was really sick too.
\par "Pirates?" he demanded in surprise, ignoring that other bit. Or - as surprised as that face could look. He quirked an eyebrow at me.
\par "I don't know," I muttered back, not really caring about that part myself. "Maybe."
\par "Is that why you set the distress beacon?" he continued, though. "Are you two the only survivors?"
\par "How the hell should I know? The beacon was so someone would come and actually \i help\i0  us!"
\par He studied me and my angry look a moment longer before turning away. It gave me a chance to look over his clothes for the first time - a long coat draped down over tough pants and thick boots. Lots of heavy-duty pockets and things belted to legs, arms, waist - you name it. Another gun, and a few more knives spread around. He looked like he was ready to go hunting, or shooting, or something. Not exactly the rescue I had been thinking of. And a \i lot \i0 of things he could use against us.
\par It was quiet for a bit. I guess he was thinking, because he forgot me for that little while. Long enough for me to work some magic while I waited. I nearly jumped out of my skin when he opened his mouth again. Luckily, I didn't. Not too soon.
\par "Where did the pirates attack you?" he started up the interrogation right where he left off, only giving me a sideways glance across his shoulder. Not enough to do him any good in catching me as I started to slip out of those bonds. "Over the planet?"
\par I had other ideas than answer his stupid questions, though. And they involved rushing that Eluvian man from behind - knocking him right into the rear hatch.
\par And that's exactly what I did.
\par He was bigger, and heavier than me. I screamed out as I charged him and I must have done something way too right, because he went flying upwards and his head hit the overhead panel hard enough to knock him right out. That brought his full weight down on me, though. And we collapsed in a heap just under the rear hatch.
\par No gunfire. No yelling or punching or kicking. Just the sudden quiet of the shuttle, and that limp body crushing down on me.
\par \pard\fi720\sl0\slmult1 Good enough.\cf2\f1 
\par }
