{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Garamond;}}
{\colortbl ;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\cf1\lang1033\f0\fs22 
\par It took me a little while to push the Eluvian off and climb back out again. He was out cold alright. I snatched back my - I mean Ev's - gun. And I pistol-whipped him across the face just like you saw in the vids. You know ... just in case.
\par I had gotten lucky when he didn't notice me slipping the sheets he had used to bind me to the bed. He hadn't expected that. The knife I'd snatched from the side of his leg when he got down in my face had helped too. He hadn't expected that either.
\par "That's three times you owe me now," I gloated aloud to Ev as I hopped over the unconscious man toward her bunk again - this time, armed with a gun and a real-life combat knife. Too bad she was still half-dead and knocked out herself and all. It meant I didn't have anyone to see that diabolically clever escape of mine. It almost made the whole thing not worth it.
\par Oh well. I did have another idea.
\par A couple minutes later, and I was standing inside the Eluvian man's ship.
\par He'd moved it since landing last, and it took me most of that time to find it first since you could barely see it through the trees. On the inside, it was much nicer than my busted-up shuttle. A little dirty, and disorganized - but much more hardware. All the consoles seemed to be working too, so that was a start. I skipped over to what I thought was the helm and took a seat.
\par It took another minute or so, but I got into his on-board computer. Encrypted - of course - but nothing so fancy as the heavy-duty stuff they liked to keep the Riftwatch mainframe and archives locked down with. I took another minute for a bit of personal sight-seeing around his ship's files and functions until I got a better idea of what I was working with. Or, maybe it was a little longer than that.
\par "Hmm, just look at this ..."
\par I got hung up somewhere in the system information for a little while. I don't know how long. But I found out that the ship was military. Ex-military anyways. Eluvian make and model, and not too old. Good enough for me, I'd say.
\par And ... Ev. Right.
\par Another couple minutes after finally tearing myself away from the ship some super-heavy classified mission dossier database I couldn't crack too fast, and I was dragging the other woman's dead weight inside. I found a bunk on board to lay her down in. There was only one, though, so when I got around to hauling the Eluvian inside too I ended up just stuffing him in a gear closet that was mostly empty and taking his gun away. It wasn't like he had any good reason to complain about it.
\par Weird, though. I'd have thought he'd be too heavy for me, but I surprised myself for not the first time since crashing on that planet. And it did finally occur to me then that the gravity here was real. Less than they generated on Riftwatch too. I guess I was lucky I didn't get a heavier planet but, really, it was a little disappointing to realize that it hadn't all been me.
\par I took one last look at the man after lumping him in that closet, wondering if I shouldn't have just left him behind. It's not like he hadn't been a complete asshole since the moment he touched down. I mean - tying us up like that? And what was with the dramatic interrogation? 
\par I had to stop myself and realize that I had just \i survived\i0  a real-life interrogation. Now that was something to tell old Bertram about. And saving Ev's life on some alien planet? I was practically a hero already.
\par In the end, I just decided not to leave him. That's not what the good guys did in the vids, right? It didn't seem so, anyways. And I had him under control. So I just slammed that door shut in his face.
\par The controls for the ship weren't too hard to figure out once I got the hang of the systems. It maybe took me twenty minutes to get the gist. And I didn't do any more digging in the man's files, as much as I would have loved to. No. Ev needed real help. And she needed it fast.
\par By the time the first pounding came from that gear locker, I had already gotten the ship up off the ground.
\par Everything was awhirl - thrusters thrusting, vents venting, and engines ... well, working anyways. A few hasty commands and we were lifting up off the ground towards the tops of the trees. I even got the ship to crest them and its wings unfolded back out before that pounding suddenly took a turn for the worse. The gear locker door burst right open, and a rather incensed Eluvian toppled out onto the floor.
\par There was some red, warning light flashing on the helm. I never got a chance to figure out what \i that\i0  was supposed to be ... because I was very abruptly face to metal plate with it as the Eluvian rushed me from behind and slapped my skull down into the console. Strangely, that didn't give me a better look. Especially when I bounced back up, clutching my forehead.
\par "That was the stupidest thing you could have done," was all the man said, spitting it in my ear as I winced against the fourth lump quickly swelling on my head. I was well off to starting a collection.
\par But he was right. I probably should have tied him up too.
\par Nice going.\cf2 
\par }
