{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Garamond;}}
{\colortbl ;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\cf1\lang1033\f0\fs22 
\par "I could've shot you," I gasped at the Eluvian man through my teeth, moving my hands to where he had a fistful of hair at the back of my head. It felt like he was trying to tear all of it right out. "That would have been worse."
\par "Only if you missed."
\par He twisted me around and up out of the chair and slammed me face first again - this time, into the bulkhead. And he kept me squashed there up against the metal while he fidgeted with the controls with his free hand. Too bad he forgot about the gun I had stolen back. I slipped my hand down in my pocket while he frowned at the readout.
\par "Bad timing," he breathed aloud to someone else.
\par I swung the gun out and around my chest.
\par He must have seen it coming out of the corner of his eye, because he swung me around too - right into the helm again. It went right into my gut as I folded neatly over the metal. He reeled me back in the next moment and a hand snaked in for my wrist. I threw my other arm in his way, though. They got tangled up in a haphazard fight long enough for me to stumble back and get just as tangled in his legs. We both went down.
\par That red flashing from the console was insistent now. Not that I cared much just then. He got me in some kind of hold while I flopped around as wildly as I could, then snapped in my ear.
\par "Get the hell off me!"
\par Like I could have even had I wanted to. We got so mixed up I didn't know whose limbs were whose anymore. The gun slipped away across the deck, which started to tip. That just carried it even further from both of us. I thought about the knife, briefly, as he got his hand around my mouth. I opened up and tried to bite at him.
\par Warning sirens went off everywhere, lighting up the dim cabin. A split second later, and the whole thing just upended on us.
\par Everything shook. Somehow, I got free of the Eluvian and was rolling away until I smacked another bulkhead. The ship rattled wildly again, feeling like it was about to come apart. I might have cried out, but it was hard to tell.
\par Weird. These things were getting redundant.
\par Something had hit us. I figured out that much despite the world coming apart again around me. I had no idea what, though, but the Eluvian man must have. I saw him clamber back to his knees and punch a few quick commands into the console. The ship righted itself abruptly, wobbling, and spun around.
\par Two other ships came into sight then out the main viewing screen at the front of the cabin. We were a hundred meters above the trees or so, and that was the first thing I noticed - that forest stretching away to the horizon like it never ended. My mouth hung open a bit at that. Too bad it was interrupted by those two ships swooping around and getting bigger and bigger as they flew right toward us. And started firing.
\par Huge bolts of fire that made my pistol look like it was throwing off sparks flashed toward us. The Eluvian man got a handle on it this time, though, the ship swinging almost sideways to avoid that fire and knocking me sideways into the wall again. But it was sluggish, and still rattling dangerously. One of those bolts clipped us.
\par It felt and sounded like the whole underside of the ship was ground apart and ripped away. I was already on the floor, but it knocked me flat like it had just dropped out. The Eluvian kept his chair - just barely. His hands scrambled across the board again and before those ships were on us, the color bled out of view screen to tactical readouts. He loosed some return fire of his own.
\par One ship was hit dead-on and burst into a brilliant blaze that dove down into the trees. The other, he only glanced, but it was enough to send it scurrying away back toward the clouds a few seconds later, belching smoke.
\par I found the gun. Our own ship was still tilted to one side, and not in a good way. It drifted around while the man worked desperately at those controls. Nothing seemed to get any better, no matter what he did. At one point, he barked back over his shoulder at me in a rage.
\par "Do you have any idea what you just did?"
\par He didn't wait for me to answer before launching back into the helm with another frantic attack again. But I did.
\par "I'm starting to."
\par And I was. As I watched the tops of the trees steadily rising faster and faster to meet us as we dropped right out of the sky.
\par }
