{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}}
{\colortbl ;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\cf1\lang1033\f0\fs22 
\par Not for the first time, I woke up on the deck of a crashed ship. I'd say it was getting to be repetitive, but ... Well. I guess I still wasn't missing all those years cooped up in Riftwatch just yet.
\par That Eluvian man was already up when I came back around. A few busted panels sparked in my face as I slowly lifted my head up from the floor, but those boots stalking around behind me seemed much more concerned with that then me lying half-comatose there on the deck. Funny. I thought I might have thrown enough wrenches in his plans so far to make him worry just a little.
\par The place was wrecked. I blinked my eyes around groggily against the deck and saw the mess from before was now ten times worse. Another ship crashed and ruined. In my own defense, though, it wasn't my fault someone shot us down this time. So I sure as hell wasn't taking the blame for that.
\par He noticed me coming around then. I knew that too because he abruptly stomped over, crouched down, and snatched my head up by the hair hard enough to break it right off. That woke me back up. Fast.
\par He snarled right in my ear.
\par "Where you \i trying\i0  to destroy my ship and strand me here?"
\par I winced as he tugged even tighter, wondering briefly if he meant to do something more than just tie me up this time.
\par "I don't know," I gasped out. "Did it work?"
\par He slammed my head back down into the metal floor.
\par I lost a minute, wincing there and just catching my breath. He was still moving around the cabin when I came back. I blinked a few times, and noticed he was scrounging up a bunch of things into a bag from compartments and lockers and the floor and stuff. I watched him for a bit before noticing my gun tucked underneath one of the consoles too.
\par Ev was still out. Go figure. But she had tumbled out of the bunk I left her in and was on her face on the floor toward the back of the ship. The Eluvian man headed that way, snatching his rifle up from the deck before stepping over us both with barely more than a glance. He did spare the wounded, comatose woman a look while he pounded a fist into the release. It creaked and groaned, but started to open.
\par "Hey! ... Where do you think you're going?"
\par I shouted at him from the floor, clawing my way unsteadily back up to my feet. I couldn't just let him go, though. I couldn't just abandon Ev like that. He had already turned to leave.
\par "HEY!" I shouted again, louder this time. "I'm talking to you!"
\par He glanced back at me without a word. No concern either. Not until he saw the gun in my hand. Then he just stared at me for a minute, and stopped moving. But still, nothing.
\par "I said," I lifted the thing up and pointed it right at him for emphasis, "where do you think you're going?" 
\par After a few seconds, he turned all the way around. Those eyes never left mine, though. Not a trace of fear that I could tell. Or maybe he was just really good at hiding it from me. Either way, the pistol wasn't so steady in my hands as I'd hoped. And he still had that rifle slung over one shoulder. I wondered if he would pull it on me.
\par "You didn't shoot me before," he said simply instead, though, unworried. He didn't even bother to make a move for his own gun. "You won't shoot me now."
\par "Ohhhhh, yes I will!" I barked a laugh as confidently as I could at him, stabbing the pistol a little more forcefully that way. "You're going to help us," I snapped. "Right now!"
\par It was his turn to laugh at me then, but it came off as a wretched little twist of his tattooed face. "You expect me to help you?" he uttered, low and incredulous. "After what you just did to my ship?" There was the ghost of a sardonic smile on his lips.
\par I just nodded. "Or I can kill you," I warned, but stumbled over the "kill" part. It sounded right for the scene in my head, anyways. I tried to make up for it by stabbing hard at him with the gun again.
\par That irritated and amused look left his face, and just turned irritated. It flattened out, and there was that now familiar, dangerous glint in his eyes. Nothing came of it, though. 
\par "I don't have time for this," was all he said before just turning to leave instead.
\par I guess it was a big surprise when the gun in my hand suddenly went off in a bright flash.\cf2 
\par }
