{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}}
{\colortbl ;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\cf1\lang1033\f0\fs22 
\par A bolt glanced the rear hatch, wide over one shoulder. Not that it mattered. The Eluvian's reflexes were so quick, he was bent double in a crouch like he had been that way all along. I don't know if I could have even hit him had I tried. And if I had thought it surprised him, it surprised me ten times more.
\par He was on me in the next second, though. I didn't even have time to get off another shot - not that I could have at that point. I was spent, and suddenly shaking at what I had almost just done. He just flew at me over Ev on the floor. By the time I flinched, he had already knocked the gun right out of the my hand and had me pressed up against a locker with his forearm crushing my neck.
\par The shock of nearly shooting him wore off quickly enough. Too bad it was replaced with the sudden inability to breathe.
\par "The next time you point a gun at me," he seethed down at me through clenched teeth, forcing me so I slid down the metal door he had already put a dent in with me, "You'd better not miss." 
\par He piled on a bit more weight into making that as clear as he could. My feet kicked out at his, scrabbling at the deck. But really - I think it was a bit of overkill at that point.
\par I managed to wedge a hand or two in between my throat and his arm. Enough for me to gasp in a few breaths at least. I'm sure he had fun letting me get that little bit.
\par "You do think there'll ... be a next time ... though. Right?"
\par I spat out in a rush. He kept up the glare for a moment more, and then abruptly twisted away. I collapsed down to the broken deck in a heap, gasping in as much of that sickly sweet air as I could manage. And I had to fight back the urge to puke right there.
\par The Eluvian was already back at the airlock hatch and leaving.
\par "You can't," I gasped again, flopping over to look up at him from the floor. "You can't just - leave us here!"
\par He stopped at the threshold, and glanced back over his shoulder.
\par "Watch me."
\par "Wait!"
\par I didn't bother with the gun this time.
\par Maybe I could get through to him, maybe not. But it didn't take Ev's corpse-like sprawl on the deck in front of me to know I had to try. I scrambled up and over her, stumbling out in a haphazard rush as the man made his way hurriedly down and out of the ship. I followed after.
\par "Wait!"
\par I tripped up in the brush. We were somewhere else, crashed down in the trees away from my busted shuttle. And he was making for the forest. 
\par I snatched at his arm. And he spun me around so quick I nearly threw up on his coat. As it was, I twisted down into the dirt at his feet, and he kept on moving away. So I climbed back up, and pounced at him again.
\par This time, at least, he kept me at arm's length. With a fist raised, at arm's length.
\par He glared at me there for a few seconds, fuming. His face was like a thunderhead ready to break. One hand had my arm in an iron vice, the other he had cocked back, and looked like he wanted nothing more than to crack it into my face. If I had been thinking about anything else, it would have made me sick to realize just how easily he might have killed me just then. Or Ev. Too bad I wasn't.
\par "You have to help me," I pleaded with him instead. "Please! Please ..." I pawed at his sleeve like it was a lifeline, and I wasn't above begging. Not for our lives. "She'll die without someone's help!" 
\par I stabbed a finger toward the shuttle over his shoulder and he flinched like I meant to stab him, which reminded me that I still had his knife. He snatched that hand too before I could do anything else with it.
\par "She'll die anyways," he grunted, all but shoving me out of the way.
\par "No, she won't!" I caught up with him again instantly, though, shaking my head. "Not if we get her to a doctor, or a ... a surgeon, or something - quick! You just have to help me - please help me!"
\par "Get off me," he shook me free again, but I kept in step. "Your friend's already dead. Even if you'd had all your inoculations - exposure like that can't be fought off. It's a miracle she was still breathing at all when I found you."
\par "NO! Wait. Please don't leave. Please! Please!" I clawed at him some, but he kept shrugging me off.
\par We got to the treeline. I couldn't follow him after that. Not and leave Ev back there alone. I just stopped, and uttered one last desperate, "Please ...," before slumping behind him in the saddest defeat I could have imagined just then. But he didn't stop. He didn't even turn around to apologize for being a complete asshole. Or offer any advice, or one last parting word of encouragement, or ... or anything. He just kept walking without a single look back. 
\par I thought maybe, just maybe, he might forget me trying to steal his ship or getting it shot down if he glanced back and saw me standing there with that desperate, forlorn, and teary-eyed look trailing after. I didn't have to fake it. But he never even bothered to look twice.
\par And when he was finally out of sight ... that hope went with him. I didn't even realize I had collapsed down to my knees in the dirt. But I was alone again. That one chance of someone saving us walked right out like we didn't even matter. And I couldn't help but think I had screwed it all up. For Ev. For ever.
\par Some rescue.
\par }
