{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Garamond;}}
{\colortbl ;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\cf1\lang1033\f0\fs22 
\par The walk back to the crashed Eluvian ship was a bad one. I guess I knew what was coming as soon as I saw that man walk away and leave us there to die. But I trudged along anyways, swiping at my eyes with the backs of my hands until they weren't dry enough to clear anything up anymore. The world was a blur by the time I reached Ev back at the broken ship. And I just stood there for a long time, staring at her.
\par I was pretty sure no one else would be coming along anytime soon. The Eluvian had shot up and run off the only other people that had bothered. Not that they had seemed too friendly, firing first and all. Maybe they had just been firing on a known criminal, or something - maybe not. It would have been easy to hate him just then, but I wasn't that stupid. He could have killed us - \i would\i0  have killed us, if he'd wanted to. Especially after I tried to hijack his ship, even if I hadn't just tried to leave him behind instead. Why only tie us up and ask me all those questions, then simply walk away? 
\par He didn't care about us. He hadn't even been looking for us at all.
\par I hauled Ev's dead weight back up onto the bunk and slumped down beside her. It was an improvement to the floor, at least. But I couldn't help thinking about how I had been the one to take her out of that lifepod. She would have died in there, sure ... I thought. But now she was just dying a little bit slower - because I had been dumb enough to pull her out. I never even stopped to \i think \i0 about bacteria, or infection, or ... \i whatever\i0  from some alien planet. Sure they talked about that every so often in the vids, and maybe every once in a while someone visiting the station did too, but it's not like I'd ever had to worry about anything like that before. Ever.
\par Telling myself that didn't help anything much, though. Nothing got better. My mood got worse. Tears burned at my swollen eyes again. I looked at Ev - pale as death, and looking like she was already there.
\par No one else was coming. Not soon enough for her to make it anyways. Even if what the Eluvian had said wasn't true and she did hang on - we would run out of food soon. I busied myself with checking what the man might have left behind just to keep my hands from shaking - which amounted to not much at all. I guess he had been traveling light, or else really grabbed everything edible before running off, and there had been barely anything left after Nolan was done with the shuttle. The water situation wasn't much better.
\par I rummaged some more. Threw a few things around. Even screamed a couple times at empty space and lockers. When I got tired of that, I stalked around the ruined cabin with clenched teeth until I found the gun again. I looked at Ev for another long while. Then I tucked the thing into my pocket.
\par It was all coming apart around me again.
\par No. 
\par \i No\i0 .
\par Not yet. It wasn't over ... just yet.
\par I stumbled back over to the bed, shaking all over. I tried to get it under control.
\par "Someone has to get you out of here," I breathed. 
\par Then I repeated it, grinding down in my throat. 
\par "\i Someone\i0  has to get you out of here." 
\par I grabbed her pack and mine from the floor, wrestling to get them both on my back at the same time. Then latched onto both her arms. 
\par "Even if you're," I heaved up, dragged her right up off the bed and tried to lean her against me, "just going to die anyway!" 
\par She was an inch or two taller than me, though. And nothing but limp, flapping limbs. The lower gravity only kept me from falling completely over.
\par "Fine! Have it your way." 
\par She collapsed down to the floor but I kept a hold on both her arms. I started to haul her along out of the cabin toward the hatch. 
\par "I'll just drag your," I panted over the lip of the exit ramp, "fat \i ass \i0 all the way to wherever he's going!"
\par Yeah. That's what I'd do. Maybe he wouldn't stay and help us, but he must have known where he was going. I didn't. But I could follow him, couldn't I? Too bad it took me so long to think of that.
\par We skipped down the ramp on the balls of my feet, a few steps at a time. But she got heavy again and her shoe caught at the end. I heaved, and pulled, and I abruptly lost my grip and went over into the ground. I scrambled right back up.
\par "COME ON, EV!"
\par I screamed at her. Then I snatched her hands up again and kept dragging through the dirt and grass. But what I really wanted to do was to kick her head in so hard her teeth fell right out. Or she woke up. Whichever happened first. And then I was going to find that stupid Eluvian and stick my gun so far down his throat he ...
\par I got all the short way to the treeline before I tripped again. My shoulder suddenly decided to flare up and twinge like someone hacked at it with a rusty knife. I collapsed with a shriek, dropping Ev. Not that I cared much about that for a moment just then.
\par "No, no, \i NO\i0 !" 
\par I whined and snarled through my teeth, rolling around on the ground and cradling that side. It hurt and throbbed so bad I thought I would die. But not me. No. No, I still had my legs. She was the one who wouldn't make it. I could still run for it on my own. \i She \i0 was the one doing nothing but laying there \i dying \i0 on me. And now there was no fucking way I could drag her all the way with my gimp arm.
\par I twisted back around on her in the dirt.
\par "\i Fuck\i0  you, Ev!"
\par I glared for a few seconds. "Fuck you!" Then a few more. Then my boots were slapping dirt in a flurry right at the back of her head.
\par "You hear me?"
\par I scrambled over until I was right in her ear.
\par "I said - FUUUUUCK YOUUU, EV!" I shrieked. 
\par "WAKE UP!"
\par Something swooped overhead before I got around to slapping her with my good hand. I was all but crying out hysterically when the trees above creaked over, thrashing with the sudden, violent gust. I looked up in surprise, to watch something else follow after that first thing. A ship. Another ship. And a third flashed by, all three vanishing past the canopy.
\par I froze for a minute. Just watching. Listening. 
\par Waiting.
\par Then they came back.\cf2 
\par }
