{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Garamond;}{\f1\fnil Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\cf1\lang1033\f0\fs22 
\par "HEY!"
\par I waved my one good arm as wildly as I could. I jumped back to my feet, ran back out into the open, and leapt up into the air, waving in a frenzy as two of those three ships whipped past again. And a third time, half a minute later.
\par "HEY! \i HEY\i0 !" I bounced. "DOWN HERE!"
\par It was too much to hope that they could see me, buried there in the trees. But I jumped, and I jumped high with that low gravity. The crashed ship was still smoking too, trailing wisps up toward the clouds before they were blow away. Maybe they saw it. Maybe they saw me. They did keep circling back.
\par I leapt up again. I had never stopped since I realized that was a second chance I couldn't possibly let go. Ev was still laying back in the trees on the ground, dying slowly. And I danced around so that anyone bothering to look at anything down here would have to see me. The next time I jumped, though, I never came back down.
\par Something snatched me in mid-air from behind. It choked me right in the middle of screaming at the top of my lungs, hit me below the waist, and rolled me right back over. I flipped in the air, landing hard on my stomach a second later. My lungs crushed down to nothing and I lay there not breathing.
\par Someone yelled something at me. For a second, I thought it was Ev - as I slowly blinked back up, feeling the collapsed void in my throat. Then I was staring dumbly at that Eluvian, scrambling back to his feet before I could even put two thoughts back together again.
\par He got real close to my stricken face, and shouted.
\par "I said \i move\i0 !"
\par I blinked at him, not understanding one bit. I wondered if he had come back to finish me and Ev off for some reason. He grabbed at my hand and started to pull. It was the bad one, so my shoulder burst into a blinding pain. And I screamed.
\par Howling filled the air. I wasn't sure where it came from, but light suddenly filled it too. Heat blasted me like a furnace and everywhere around us exploded into fire and heat and screaming. I wasn't sure if it was me or him or what, but my ears went numb before I realized I wasn't being dragged anymore.
\par I rolled over onto my back, moaning aloud. At least, I thought it was out loud. I couldn't quite hear it, though. Everything was muffled. My shoulder throbbed. I found myself staring up at the sky and watching as one of those ships seemed to just drift overhead. I did manage to hear that thundering engine a second later after it roared past, even through my haze. It vanished beyond the trees once more.
\par There were a lot less of those trees now. I noticed that as my eyes drifted down a little and saw where they had been sliced cleanly away at an angle from above. All the rest were in flames, burning up into the sky in places. I watched for a few seconds, not quite feeling yet. Then I groaned.
\par "Ev ..."
\par I tried to pick myself back up. I was away from the clearing where the Eluvian's ship had crashed again, pulled back into the trees. I couldn't remember when that had happened, but I suddenly saw that man bent over and ducking beneath the top end of one of those slaughtered trees. He hauled something out from underneath it, hefted it over one shoulder, and rounded back towards me.
\par It took me a minute, but I realized it was Ev.
\par "Get up!" he snapped at me like the crack of a whip on my bruised brain. It was coming back. Slowly.
\par "... What?" I groaned at him, pulling myself gradually up.
\par But he just snatched a fistful of my jacket as he scrambled past and hauled me along with him across the ground without even stopping. It gave me a good chance to watch as the next barrage of fiery light splattered down across and ahead of the clearing where I had been standing last. The ground shook and vanished in huge chunks. The trees that were left melted and burst into flame. And the Eluvian man dropped his grip on me. I came to a sudden stop in the dirt.
\par "I'm not carrying you both the whole way," he growled down in my ear. "Get up, and follow me!"
\par I rolled over a little listlessly without thinking. I did manage to throw my jellied body back up on shaking legs and watch as he turned with Ev on his back and barreled away through the trees. 
\par Those ships were gunning down the entire forest around the crash behind. I stumbled after those two, deeper into the woods. The whole while, it lit up like a beacon from gunfire behind. And one of the last sights I had of it, was that Eluvian ship bursting into a monstrous fireball up into the sky.\cf2\f1 
\par }
