{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Garamond;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\cf1\lang1033\f0\fs22 
\par It had been days.
\par Walking.
\par Marching.
\par Trudging.
\par It was all I could do to keep my eyes from bugging out as I stared at my feet. That forest went on forever without even the slightest hint of letting up. Or changing for that matter. I knew after days of stumbling through it. I found it much easier to just stare at the ground instead. Too bad it was doing funny things to my head.
\par At some point, I couldn't hear footsteps anymore. The sound of fog rolling in around the trees was all there was. So I stopped, and looked up.
\par That Eluvian man, Jules, was nowhere in sight. I blinked around, but there were only trees and fog and the murkiness of an unending night beneath the treetops. I sucked in a few ragged, much-too-heavy breaths, spinning around slowly in the dark. Nothing but me and those trees, though. But I just kept spinning.
\par On the fifth, languid pass, Ev caught me by the arm.
\par "Hey!"
\par That voice broke through the haze of the fog. It stopped me dead in my tracks.
\par "You okay?"
\par I tried to nod, but opened my mouth instead.
\par And, "I like your hair," was what came out.
\par The other woman brushed a hand back at her temples, smearing blood into those raven-locks now down past her shoulders and spilling toward the ground. They had taken up roots there like some kind of plant.
\par "Thanks," she said through a plastered on smile, without moving her lips.
\par Then the tree behind her turned around, reaching down with long, branch-like arms. It scooped her up in claws the size of her.
\par It was around the time that that tree pulled her apart into two, bloody pieces, that I finally decided to wake up.
\par My eyes opened, and I caught my breath for a few seconds, not moving.
\par "Uh," I groaned, not sure if I should be laughing or sick. 
\par "That was really messed up."
\par I didn't really like Ev's hair much at all.
\par I was staring up into the dark at the bottom boughs of the trees. They creaked, and groaned. In the \i wind\i0 , the Eluvian man had reminded me. Just flowing air and gases. I was so dumb not to see it before. I had watched too many terrestial vids to make that mistake.
\par I bet Ev would have made that mistake. She \i would\i0 . Old Weir had barely let her watch a single vid - like he was trying to hide it from her or something. 
\par Whatever.
\par I was on the ground still, and it was cold. Really cold. In fact, I wasn't sure just how it could \i get\i0  that cold. Weather, or something like that, I guess. It wasn't like the past couple nights when I had stayed in the shuttle. I had bundled my jacket up like a pillow under my head, not thinking the temperature was allowed to drop so far so fast. But I was shivering when I sat back up.
\par Jules was there. This time. I glanced over, still a little groggy. He was crouched down over Ev on the ground.
\par "Hey!" I growled through that just-woken-up stupor at him. The tongue was still thick inside my mouth. "What the hell are you doing?"
\par The Eluvian's head snapped right back around on me in an instant.
\par "Quiet!" he hissed, stabbing a finger back at me. Then he returned to the raven-haired woman lying comatose beneath him.
\par I scrambled over the dirt until I was right next to him.
\par "What are you doing to her?" I repeated, only barely in a whisper.
\par "Not much good at field surgery, are you?"
\par I asked, but I didn't bother waiting for an answer. He had Ev laid out where he had dropped her for the night after what must have been hours of running from his crashed ship and those others firing on it. Her coat and shirt were pulled back, stained with blood, dirt, and burned in some places, of all things. She looked like shit. He had her bared to her stomach, but I could see those sutures had only barely leaked through after all that trouble.
\par Hey. Go team \i not\i0 -Eluvian.
\par Jules pulled out some kind of bulky-looking syringe from his gear, and before I could do anything about it, stabbed the thing right into Ev. I pounced on him in an instant.
\par Or, at least, I tried to. He brought his other arm around and knocked me back flat on my ass in the dirt.
\par "Don't!"
\par He stabbed a finger at me as I came back up, just like he were scolding some kid. I scrambled around into a crouch, ready to leap again. He kept his eyes on me, but depressed that pump on the needle.
\par I froze, horrified. Gaping. I just stared at Ev lying there on the ground.
\par My voice shook when I finally found it again.
\par "What did you do to her?"
\par The Eluvian man had gotten back up, satisfied, and stalked away so that I could barely see him in the dark. But I could still hear him. He hadn't gone far. He took a drink from some canteen he had, before opening his mouth again.
\par "Get some sleep," was all he said then.
\par "What did you do to her?" I just growled again at him.
\par There was a pause, as I stared with bared teeth across my best friend into the dark at him. I hadn't thought much about his coming back for us on the long march, hurrying away from his downed ship. I was still too bludgeoned by the blasts and just glad he even had. I did now, though. He had had a good reason for coming back. Not just for us. And we didn't know anything about him at all.
\par "Hey! I'm talking to you!"
\par Was he looking at me? I thought so. Even though it was hard to tell. But another whole minute crawled by, and I heard his voice again, even so.
\par "Something to accelerate cellular regeneration. If she's lucky, she'll wake up in a day or two," was what he said. Then, "Get some sleep. I won't carry you both."
\par He left it at that. I didn't. Not completely. I kept an eye on him, and fell asleep keeping an eye on Ev too. I wanted to think she was looking better as I drifted off, but ... well, it was hard to get my hopes right up after so many big letdowns.
\par I dreamed about creepy-calm Eluvians sticking my best friend with poison, and genetic experimentation in an underground lab hidden in those woods. It didn't translate to a good night's sleep at all. And the ground didn't help much.
\par We started the next day early, and much like we did right after escaping his ship - barely a tap on the head, an order to get up, and then tearing our way through the wilderness like those ships were still screaming after us.
\par He carried Ev. I carried ... me. We didn't talk much, though I sure was thinking pretty loudly - a lot. Mostly at his back, or the ground. Like the day before, I was heaving and puffing after the first few kilometers, and waiting for the slow death of exhaustion to swallow me up. It was the worst kind of torture, going on forever until he would suddenly come up short and we would stop. I didn't have the energy or will to talk when we finally, mercifully did. I just collapsed down to the ground where I stayed until he roused me again, got some dry rations from his pack and water. And then I lumbered after him like a groaning, walking corpse for the next eternity. I didn't know how long that living death would go on.
\par But, eventually, someone finally took pity on me and night fell again. The sun pulled down beyond the horizon and the sky grew darker. Only then did that horrible Eluvian man stop for good.\cf2\f1 
\par }
