{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Garamond;}}
{\colortbl ;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\cf1\lang1033\f0\fs22 
\par I collapsed for the final time as soon as Jules gave the slightest hint of slowing down that night. I'm not sure if he even meant to, but there was no question about it as soon as I hit the dirt. I wasn't moving again. 
\par Ever.
\par The Eluvian man eventually lowered Ev to the ground as well, though, and gave in. I won this time. Thank god for small favors.
\par My feet hurt. My legs hurt. My whole body hurt. So I just lay there, face-down in the dirt, breathing hard and not daring to stir a single other muscle. I didn't know where we were. I didn't even care to look. I just lay there. That was enough.
\par Jules kept moving around. A little stiff in his step, but worlds apart from me after all that hiking through this wilderness. If not for me, he might have kept going on through the night, I thought. If not for Ev, he might have gone on forever. Instead, he just stuck around with us mortals for a bit.
\par Give \i me\i0  some suped-up super genes and I'd ... I'd show ... you-
\par I didn't even realize I'd fallen asleep again until I smelled something rich and smoky in the air. It got me blinking up in surprise to find Jules resting on his haunches across a bunch of burning branches from me, the whole mess tossed into the dirt and spitting out smoke. Inches from my face.
\par I screamed.
\par My whole body scrambled back wildly in a rush, kicking up dirt with my hands. It sprayed into the fire, and the flames spat back.
\par "Careful!" Jules abruptly snapped, as I skidded back on the seat of my pants. "You'll put it out."
\par I just stared at him. Wide-eyed.
\par "Put it out!" I all but screeched at him. "What the hell are you doing? Trying to kill me?" Every time I thought to take an eye off him he went and pulled some new freaking bullshit! And I was too tired for it anymore!
\par I hit the stony bluff of a steep hillside, bringing my hasty retreat to a halt. He just stabbed a finger at me over those flames between us, undaunted or caring.
\par "Keep your voice down," he warned with a dangerous look in his eye. "And calm down. This isn't space, and we aren't in any ship. Thanks to you."
\par I stared at that fire, and I stared at him. After a few seconds more of waiting to see if I'd flip out at him after all, he just poked it absently with a long stick, stirring the flames. He didn't look like he really cared if that stuff got loose and started burning us all. To be fair, though, I guess there were a lot less bulkheads out here. And a lot more air.
\par "What about those p-pirates?"
\par He arched an eyebrow at me. My voice shook, so I clamped it back shut to clear my throat. It wasn't like it was really that out of place either. I mean, really? You just didn't go around lighting fires wherever you wanted. Not on Riftwatch. People got killed doing that crap. Was I supposed to just be \i okay \i0 with it? I'd never \i been \i0 to a planet before ...
\par "Moved on by now," the Eluvian said. "If we're lucky. The night's too cold for your friend, though. She needs her blood flowing."
\par I looked around for Ev, and she was lying peacefully next to the fire on her back. Her chest rose and fell evenly, and her skin wasn't so milky anymore. She really did look a bit better, I had to say. 
\par I shivered at the mention of that cold. It was goddamned freezing cold out here tonight. Getting worse maybe, and my coat didn't help much. It wasn't made for planet-hopping. And as terrifying as that blaze was, it was giving off a goodly amount of heat. I could feel it even from there, but not nearly enough. It lured me to scoot just a little bit closer toward the man's fire when I thought he wasn't looking. 
\par "Why does it matter if she's just going to die from infection anyways?"
\par "She might not," he said simply.
\par "What do you mean?"
\par "I injected her with a stimulant," he explained. "Military-grade. For combat wounds in foreign environments. It should help."
\par "So ... you lied to me."
\par "No." He shook his head. "You would've both died back there if I hadn't come back."
\par "So why \i did \i0 you then?" I asked, and I couldn't help the snide turn I put into it.
\par It wasn't like I was complaining. Not really. But it just seemed weird to take off like he had only to come flying back out of nowhere to save the day. But, for all I knew, he was running me through that torture just for the hell of it. Maybe he really had nothing better to do than get back at me for crashing his ship.
\par He ignored me for a full minute, though. Until I made another noise in his direction.
\par "Well?"
\par "Does it matter?"
\par He gave me one of those flinty-eyed, hard-edged looks I had started getting used to whenever I opened my mouth at him out of turn. Which was every time. And whenever I was lucid on our death march - enough to pay him any attention - I just got this really strong feeling that he would have rather me or him be anywhere else. I suppose I couldn't blame him. But it did make it hard not to wonder why he was even bothering in the first place.
\par "I guess not," I muttered back at him. And kept on calling him a few colorful things I'd learned from Bertram under my breath. He just glanced up at me again.
\par "I can hear you, you know."
\par "So what?" I blinked up at him. "You \i are\i0 ."
\par His lips twisted a bit into something other than a smile. Just for a moment. He kept poking at the fire.
\par "Tell me why you were lost out here in the first place," he demanded quietly then. Unlike me, he didn't bother to make it a question.
\par "Why should I?"
\par He cocked an eyebrow at me. "I could leave you out here just as easily as back at my ship. It doesn't make any difference to me now."
\par I laughed, and shook my head. "No you couldn't." He had said that before and still come back.
\par "You want to try me again?" was all he asked. And I clamped shut at the grim look on his stony face.
\par "Uh ... no."\cf2 
\par }
