{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Garamond;}}
{\colortbl ;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\cf1\lang1033\f0\fs22 
\par No. Not me.
\par That thing screamed. Whatever it was. As Jules swept over those trees with the light on his rifle.
\par I froze, that's what I did. My chest heaved as I sat there, unable to move. Between that, and the night and the fire - I broke out in a cold, wide-eyed sweat. Jules took a step forward, crouching low.
\par Firelight flickered along around us. The night grew quiet again but for that cacophony of sounds I had started to get used to. They felt quiet now too, waiting like we were. Nothing moved except Jules, and he barely moved anything but that light on his rifle. It swept the treeline slowly. Back ... and forth.
\par Silence. 
\par There was an abrupt scuffling, as I finally remembered that firebolt in my pocket. I scrambled to pull it out and point it out into the woods too. I had no idea where or at what I should have been pointing, though, so I just kept fidgeting around where Jules wasn't. I backed up toward the cliffside wall again.
\par Something moved. 
\par I snapped that way.
\par Nothing there.
\par I sucked in a breath. And it rattled back out through my teeth.
\par Over there.
\par I twisted back around.
\par The trees creaked in the wind. There was a loud clicking sound.
\par "Jules ...!"
\par The man glanced back over his shoulder, almost outside the light of the fire.
\par "Quiet!"
\par The air rushed. I couldn't see it until it was already there, but I felt it. And it was on top of Jules before he could even turn back around.
\par I'd loosed a couple wild shots at him before I could stop myself.
\par The night lit up. For a few seconds, at least. That light on the rifle flickered wildly all over the place. I couldn't even tell where it was anymore after those few seconds. I heard Jules grunting aloud in the dark beyond the fire, and then he was abruptly gone. Everything went dark and quiet outside that flickering ring of light.
\par "J-Jules?"
\par I was trying to wedge myself down into the corner between the ground and the cliffside without realizing, that pistol shaking wildly out in my hands ahead. Nothing moved, and nothing made a sound for a few more seconds. Just me, and my quivering chest rattling out in the dark.
\par "\i Jules\i0 !"
\par There was a rustling in the trees a ways out. Not even close, and I stared. A couple flashes of light pierced the night out there - so far away that I blinked, wondering what else could possibly be hiding in the dark with us. Funny how I hardly cared one way or another about that Eluvian man until now - when he was the only thing between us and whatever the hell those things were out there.
\par Someone groaned. It took me a minute, but I realized it was Ev. She stirred there beside the fire. I had almost forgotten about her, and now that made me forget about Jules. I lowered the gun and scrambled over to her side.
\par Those eyes were open.
\par "Ev?"
\par I reached out a hand to the other woman's shoulder, and that hand was shaking wildly in the firelight. She was awake of a sudden and staring blankly up at the night above with some kind of sickly grimace on her face. Tears were glinting in streams out the sides of her eyes down toward the dirt.
\par "Ev!"
\par I didn't think she heard me.
\par A few more shots went off. Closer this time. My head whipped back toward the trees, but I couldn't see anything. Things got quiet again as soon as I did. I remembered the gun, and thrust it over that way.
\par I waited.
\par And waited.
\par ... and waited.
\par My ragged breaths and Ev's whispered groans were the only thing I heard for a long time. And, for a long time, nothing moved out in that black wilderness.
\par Then something came tearing through the brush. Right at me.
\par I fired. And I kept firing. I kept firing until I saw that Eluvian face.
\par Then I stopped.
\par I stared, for a second, at him bent over there with his hands protecting his head. He had collapsed to one side against the trunk of a tree. As soon as I let up, though, he glanced up at me with a feverish look in his eye. Then he collapsed down into the dirt.
\par "FUCK!"\cf2 
\par }
