{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 High Tower Text;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Garamond;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\cf1\lang1033\f0\fs22 
\par \f1 I screamed, and fired a few more times into the trees. Nothing took. That I could see, at least. When things settled down quickly after that without a sound, I looked at the Eluvian man in the dirt.
\par "Jules?"
\par I tried my quaky voice again. But he didn't bother to move on my account.
\par Oh god.
\par I'd killed him.
\par "... Jules!"
\par This time, it came out as barely more than a squeak.
\par He suddenly turned his head to one side, and spat out some blood into the dirt.
\par "Stop," he grunted, and growled, breathing hard, "calling me that."
\par I just stared at him, wide-eyed - suddenly wanting to laugh. But I couldn't. He started trying to pick himself up from the ground and crawl over my way. After an awkward moment, unsure of just what to do, I scrambled over to help.
\par "What the hell was \i that\i0 ?" I all but shrieked in his face when I got a hand on him. I forgot about it as soon as I got a good look at his face and the holes in him, though. It was tricky in the flickering light, but I could see the blood running down from his forehead, soaking his eyebrow, and the stained puncture in his coat. "Are you okay?" I whispered frantically at him instead.
\par "I ... I don't know," he struggled with that, and I freaked out a bit more until I realized it was the answer to the first question. He pushed me away in response to the second, and hobbled over toward the fire. "Good thing you aren't any good with that," he mumbled under his breath.
\par Jules winced and plopped himself back down next to his pack, and I kept glancing back over toward the woods. No singe marks. I thought, frantically looking his beaten body over. Maybe I hadn't even hit him.
\par Small favors.
\par "We need to get out of here," he said aloud at me, pulling something out of his things after wrestling one-handed with it for a few seconds. It looked like one of those needles he had stuck Ev with the other night.
\par "What? How?" I babbled at him. "You can't even walk!"
\par He stabbed himself with that needle under his jacket near the hole that had been punched through it before I could do or say anything else. I gasped in surprise, but he got too busy convulsing violently. A couple seconds of that and then he settled back down, stiff as a board.
\par "I'll be fine," he growled at me when he was done, his voice thin and strained.
\par "What about Ev!"
\par He was leaning back against the cliffside at a rigid angle, bloody face turned up and not seeing me as those hard eyes stared away into space. "I'll get her," he said simply. "Grab one of the," he twitched abruptly, wincing again, "logs from the fire."
\par "You can't even get yourself!" I started to say, but he spoke right over me and it turned into: "What? I'm not touching that!" instead.
\par "Don't argue with me," he hissed, eyes squeezing shut. He hefted his rifle awkwardly in one hand - somehow he hadn't lost it out there - the other pressed tight to the side of his chest with that hole. I don't know if he would have shot me for almost blowing his head off this time, but I dove toward the fire without thinking just the same, and dithered with one of those flaming pieces of wood a few seconds before I got a good grip on it.
\par "Okay ..." I sat there with that flaming stick of wood in one hand, and my wide-eyed, terrified self in the other. "What do I do now!"
\par He chose that moment to come back to life, twitching out of his stupor there on the ground. Then he was pulling himself back up slowly and climbing to his feet. 
\par "Keep up with me." 
\par He stumbled over toward Ev, still comatose with her eyes open on the ground. That gave him a second's pause. His head whipped toward me.
\par "Is she a-" Then he crouched down above the other woman, awkwardly cradling his side. "Are you awake?" 
\par "I don't know," was all I could think to say. I really didn't. 
\par "Hey." Jules slapped the side of her face a few times. "Hey!" He cast a few wary glances back over his shoulder before sticking a finger at me. "Keep an eye out!" It took me a second to figure out what he meant. 
\par "Uh, okay."
\par I twisted back around with that firebolt in hand, pointing it out at the surrounding woods while Jules stayed with Ev. The trees were painted a sickly yellow and flickering orange with the fire, but it was hard to see anything else beyond. I started thinking about how fast that thing - whatever it was - had come out of nowhere and snatched Jules - Jules! - and dragged him out into ... that. And I had a hard time not seeing flashes of the same thing suddenly happening to me inside my head.
\par The pistol was shaking there in my hands, the knuckles white in a death grip as I jerked it first one way and then the other. Funny. Give me a non-stop bleeding wound and I pull a miracle out of my ass. A monster? I didn't know the first thing about fighting monsters. 
\par Some hero I made now. 
\par Jules bent down and tried to swing Ev up over one shoulder. I only knew that because I heard him gasp out in sudden shock as he did and my eyes flickered that way. I caught him losing her and collapsing back down into the dirt.
\par "What the hell are you doing!"
\par I stomped back over, but he was already straining to get back up, face ghost-white pale beneath those tattoos.
\par "I can't carry her," he grunted at me. There was something in it too, something about the sound of his voice. It was weird when he said it like that. Like I'd glimpsed something he kept hidden. It locked back down soon enough, anyways.
\par "Get her up," he told me then. "We have to get moving before it comes back."
\par "Where is it?" I cast about instantly at the reminder, feeling like it was already breathing down my neck.
\par "I don't know. It doesn't matter. Get her up!"
\par "Doesn't matter! Ev?" I scrambled over toward the other woman, lying on her side next to the fire now, and dropped the torch. "Ev!"
\par She blinked up at me. Looked at me. Hard. Like she would bore a hole through my head with those tear-filled eyes. She didn't say anything, though.
\par "Get up, Ev! Come on!"
\par I grabbed her by the arm and tried to haul her up. She didn't want to go, because she collapsed down in my arms with her dangling feet. God damnit, she was heavy. Low gravity, and I could just barely lift her up.
\par "Don't do this to me, Ev!" I growled at her through my teeth. "You have to wake up!"
\par "Hurry ..."
\par Jules had pulled himself back together. He couldn't take his hand off that wound in his side, though, even if he had shot himself up with that healing crap again. It was a bad sign, I guess, because I started to feel like I was drowning in how hopeless everyone else around me was just then.
\par "Come on ... you gotta get up for me, Ev. \i Please\i0 ," I whined in her ear. "I don't wanna get left behind. Please ...."
\par I felt my bad arm twinging at her weight. After two days of trudging through those woods, it was starting to feel like it should fall off. And that was what finally pushed me over the edge.
\par "SHIT! 
\par "No-o-o!" That whine turned instantly to a sharp sob. "Not again ..." 
\par I screeched out miserably, losing my grip as fire stabbed me all up along the muscle. I fell over that edge.
\par But Ev was right there waiting for me.
\par "Tess."
\par "Oh thank god!"
\par Ev was there ... and standing on her own two feet. I barked a laugh at that, and then twisted back around toward Jules. That surge of sudden hope was so strong I could have kissed him just then.
\par "What now?" I practically shouted at him instead.
\par "Keep that ... sidearm ready," he grunted and pushed past me, hobbling with an entire arm cradling his side. He canted his head.
\par "This way. Move."
\par He started off into that black wood with the light on his rifle cutting through the darkness. I snatched up the torch again and pushed Ev from behind, making sure she stumbled along between us. I didn't dare take my eyes off her, or Jules for a second. But I couldn't stop looking back either.
\par And I felt it right behind me the entire time as we ran.\cf2\f2 
\par }
