{\rtf1\fbidis\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Garamond;}}
{\colortbl ;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\fi720\sl480\slmult1\cf1\f0\fs22 
\par "It's been a long while since I've seen anyone walking this road."
\par Someone was talking. I blinked up from my half-sleep daze - more out of reflex than anything else. 
\par My head felt overripe with blood - heavy and ready to burst. It was an effort to push it up even a little. I squeezed my eyes shut, hard, trying to convince myself that I could go back to sleep as soon as that old man sitting beside me shut up. 
\par "... What?"
\par "I said - it's been some time since I've seen any folks 'round these parts," he repeated. I even caught a little of it this time. I bobbed my head, swiping a hand at my eyes when he refused to go away and just let me collapse in on myself again.
\par "Uh huh."
\par Engines hummed loudly, rattling inside the metal hull all around us. We rolled ahead to the sound along a winding road as the sun drifted into the late morning sky. And that wasn't even the sun - just photons and elaborate mirrors. The road was little better than gravel and dirt. It certainly wasn't making it any easier to nod off while sitting up. Another jagged hole in it jarred me abruptly up again as the whole vehicle bounced into the air. The old man gave me an apologetic look. 
\par He replaced a pipe in between his teeth as I just sat there too tired to even be miserable. Wishing that it were anything like the planetside roads I always saw in the vids. Those people driving along them were never tossed around like wet sacks, even sitting in a backwards little automotive like that. Heads back with sun-proofed glasses and opened tops. Somehow, it had always seemed so much more ... 
\par Relaxing.
\par "While I've got you awake," the old man mumbled on around that pipe at me, and I shook my head aside, "I've been meanin' to ask before we get back to town. What were y'all doin' out here anyhow? Not a soul around for a couple hundred kilometers out that way that I've heard of. It's just your good fortune that I was on my way back from looking in on an old friend of mine."
\par He kept driving, though he threw a couple inquisitive looks my way.
\par "What?" I groaned out again, having a hard time following him what with running all through the day and night without any sleep. His words came sluggishly back to me a few moments behind real time. And I threw my mouth open before he had to repeat himself again.
\par "We were ... we crashed out in the woods," I managed with a trying grunt. I could almost wish the Eluvian hadn't passed out so quickly from his wounds when that old man just happened upon us running up th road in his antique vehicle. It was still the dead of night, but we saw the lights at the head of the thing for a whole kilometer off as they chased us too. Somehow ... somehow we had found some dirt road after all that non-stop running through the wilderness.
\par "You and that tattooed fella with the girl back there?" He nodded his head at the mirror above and between us, where he had a good look at Jules and Ev in the back seats. "You doin' all right back there, young lady?"
\par Jules was unconscious, though I couldn't tell if he was still bleeding bad. I think the run  had just finally taken its toll on him after fighting that ... whatever it was, out in the woods. But Ev was awake. Even if she was just staring dully out into the space outside a window back behind me. She hadn't spoken much else since coming back last night.
\par "She talk much?" he asked me with a cheerful wink that just made me groan with how absolutely exhausted I was. I shook my head. 
\par "Nope. Never has before."
\par That thing had kept after us the whole night. I never saw it, or heard it. But I could always just kind of \i feel\i0  it behind us. Enough to wonder how the hell it had never caught us that whole way. The only time it'd come close had been the time I nearly lost that torch Jules had me carry, and I'd been a wreck by the time we busted out of the last trees onto that road. Jules too, I guess. It was hard to be too grateful for Anders saving us with how he just wouldn't let me pass out and-\cf2 
\par }
