{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 High Tower Text;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Garamond;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\cf1\lang1033\f0\fs22 
\par \f1 I guess I must have ended up falling asleep anyways without realizing it, because another bump in the road knocked me roughly back awake and we were suddenly somewhere else. I glared out the window, confused, for a few seconds. 
\par "Woah. Those are, uh, farms, right?" 
\par I stuck a finger toward the sprawling, groomed-looking fields out to either side of us as we drove. Then I glanced back at the old man.
\par "Sure are, young lady." He gave me another wink. "A few anyways."
\par How long had I been passed out? The old guy seemed to be driving us forever. Not that his chunky metal bucket was going too fast. Too bad we hadn't lucked into someone with one of those nice, sporty ground cars along the road. Either way, I didn't want to think of having to run all that way on foot.
\par "You all on your way to Dreggoran and the Door?"
\par That confused me for a second. Everything still kind of did, despite the few naps I'd had. I nodded, as much because I didn't care as I didn't know. Maybe that's where old Weir and Ev had been headed. None of the messages I'd read in his private inbox had said much about where they might be going. But ...
\par "Figured as much. Most off-worlders who aren't picking up mineral shipments don't bother stopping 'round here as they pass on by. Most of the transit routes don't. Not sure why you all were traipsing about out there, but you must've gotten a raw deal on your transport ship. Can't imagine anyone sojourning out these parts."
\par "What do you mean? Where are we?"
\par "Where we're going, little lady, is the quiet little town of Shtess. It'll just be a stop near the nickel mines on the way to the port for you. They don't get much traffic there." He smiled at me around that pipe, and flipped the red cap on his head with his free hand real quick. 
\par "Not much in the way of transit to and from the old military port," he continued on, "but they got a pretty well-used rail line that brings trains in and out fairly regular. I'm sure they could be persuaded to haul you all along."
\par "A train?"
\par "Cargo train," he corrected. "Not much for passengers either, but it'll do in a pinch. No other way to get out toward the port and Dreggoran really, I'm afraid. Unless you got a car a your own, I 'spose."
\par "Can't \i you\i0  just take us there?"
\par "Nope," he said, still friendly and genial enough. "'Fraid I can't. Already got my own business to attend to, though I'll leave ya with a place to stay and a good word. Shouldn't take you too long to figure the rest of it out."
\par "Great. Thanks."
\par I nodded, supposing that was already better than I could have hoped for just a few hours ago. So I tried staring out at those fields now instead. But if I kept looking too hard, everything would just sort of blur out of focus and I'd catch my head bobbing some more. I fought it off for a bit longer. I don't know why.
\par And the next time I woke up it was because the old man was shaking my shoulder. My eyes snapped back open, but this time I had a headache. I grabbed at my forehead with one hand, giving him a dirty look.
\par "We're here, little lady," was all he said. Then I looked up and around, and we were suddenly surrounded by wild structures all over.
\par "What?" I asked, fighting back that throbbing in my skull. "What do you mean?"
\par He pointed out the front port and around. "Shtess," was the explanation. I looked around too. Those structures looked a lot less real and inviting than the ones I remembered from the vids. But I guess that's what a colonial town was supposed to looked like in real life.
\par "Just step on up that ways," the old man said, pointing out my port now. There was a building there, squared and about two levels high. "Friend owns the bar. Just tell him Anders sent you. He's got a room in the upstairs he sometimes lets me use, and I'm sure he'll put you up there in my place for a day or two. Feed ya too, if you're polite."
\par "Uh, thanks!" I uttered at him with a flash of a smile it was a little hard to feel between my mood and my sudden headache. "You know ... for all of this."
\par He smiled back, and leaned forward into the steering wheel.
\par "Don't mention it. Theresa was it? Just doin' my part." He puffed out his beard and mustaches, swiping at that pipe. Then he stuck it out at me. "You take care of that friend of yours, you hear?"
\par I just groaned inwardly as we all got out and he drove off into that town a minute later. When had I told him \i that\i0 ? I must have really been out of it, because I \i hated\i0  when anyone called me that. 
\par I did get another look at the town with its dust-washed buildings and white people meandering about the streets. Tired, run-down, and preoccupied with ... whatever they did on that moon, I guess. Kind of like in the vids. But there was always someone more interesting in the foreground - some hero or bad guy to make it seam less, well ... boring. But really, I was far too gone to care.
\par We had to carry Jules - Ev, and me. Well, help him, anyways. He all but growled at us the whole time, but he was just too weak to keep on, I guess. Ev was doing better, though.
\par "So ..."
\par I shrugged. As much as I could with Jules' arm weighing me down at least. And I glanced up to the bar standing atop the dirt and rocks ahead of us.
\par "I guess we ... go inside?"
\par \cf2\f2 
\par }
