{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Garamond;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\cf1\lang1033\f0\fs22 
\par "Oh thank god!" 
\par I practically screamed out as I fell face-first into a bed. It was the only one in the room and my preamble to claiming it first was dragging my feet all the way across that cramped little space. The room was disgusting, but god \i damn \i0 ... I was just so happy to finally stop walking and running for good.
\par I felt like I could lay there forever, just soaking in the warm, intoxicating feel of not having to use my legs anymore. The old man's ground car had been way too shitty to get comfortable. But this ...
\par "Somebody's gonna have to carry me out of here ..."
\par "A leetel smawl fer three," the man at the door was saying. I'd almost forgotten about him. "But awl that we kawn afford to gif out fer free. Eefen fer a guud old friend like Ahnders."
\par I blinked toward him from the bed, but that was all he was getting from me. I didn't even lift my head up.
\par "Uhhh, what?"
\par "We'll be fine," Jules told him, and promptly closed the door in his face.
\par "I can't understand a word anyone says around here," I remarked aloud, a big, satisfied smile still plastered wide across my face. Jules hobbled his way into the room and so did Ev. "It's ridiculous."
\par "I'm sure they feel the same way about you," was all Jules gave me before disappearing out of view behind my closed eyes. We'd needed Jules to get a word out of the guy downstairs who owned the place. He could actually make out the garbled throat-mush that came out of their mouths. The owner said we could stay in that tiny room for a day or two, but only after I'd mentioned Anders' name. Before that, he was just a flurry of fussy, unintelligible arguments. Jules hadn't looked like he trusted that too much, but I couldn't possibly care any less about anything right about then. 
\par I might have even fallen asleep if the Eluvian hadn't come lumbering back out loudly from the toilet right when I started drifting. I hadn't ever noticed what happened to him until he came out. Or Ev. I'd been too busy feeling no weight on my feet to realize she'd sat down n the edge of the bed beside me.
\par Jules gave us a long, weird once-over. Some kind of decision by the looks of it, rolling around in his head. Eventually, he opened his mouth.
\par "You two take the bed."
\par That was it.
\par I was about to say something, but I noticed he'd managed to wash himself up a bit. At least, his tattooed face didn't look quite so grimy anymore. Cleaned his teeth too, by the smell of his breath when he pushed past me on the bed. Or lack thereof. I thought about doing so too, washing my dry tongue over their unsettling, filmy taste, but the bed still felt too good.
\par "So ..." 
\par I breathed out loudly and contentedly sometime later after I'd have enough of my fill to start to get just a little bored. Jules gave me a another look, sitting there slouched like dead man in the one chair in the room.
\par "You need to get that blood off you," he said, tugging the beat-up old daypack he'd been carrying since the crash open. "It's drawing attention."
\par "What?" I glanced down at my jacket. "Oh." There were dark blotches of blackish-brown and rust red. I hadn't really stopped to think about how much of Ev I'd slapped all over myself that first day. And she looked even worse.
\par People had been staring at us downstairs, I guess. I hadn't really noticed that bit much while setting foot in my first terrestrial pub. Sure, Bertram had one back home, and there were a few scattered around Riftwatch, but ... Well, this was new with the stone and dirt, wooden furniture, and dusty patrons. Kind of reminded me just a little bit of home.
\par The guy who'd led us up to the room was the owner's friend - or son, or something - and he kept giving me and Ev the look when he took us up. He might have even been kind of cute if his face hadn't looked like someone'd bludgeoned it into shape with a meat tenderizer. But I guess it was mostly for the stains on our clothes. Pretty weird and intimidating to show up on their doorstep looking like that, I guess. And it didn't help that me and Ev were about ghost-white compared to their sandy-haired, sun-darkened skin. Even covered in blood, our clothes didn't look anywhere near as dull and drab as most of the people around here did.
\par "Here." Jules tossed something at me. It bounced off my stomach, and I abruptly double over into the blankets.
\par "Hey, what the fuck was that for!"
\par "To help get the blood out. Hydrogen peroxide. You'll have to soak it in cold water since it's been sitting so long first."
\par "We \i have\i0  other clothes," I told him, only partially reeling back in. "I mean, we could just throw 'em away."
\par He was rooting around in his pack again. He stopped, though, and gave me another of those funny little half-smiles that weren't smiles at all.
\par "You might want to hold on to what little you have," he explained slowly, and borderline sarcastically. "It won't get any easier for a while."
\par I just juggled that bottle around between my hands a bit, sighing. Whatever.
\par "Hey ... You don't think that thing back there could have, you know ... followed us?"
\par "You're talking about a hundred kilometers at least," he grunted at me, finally pulling out another one of those syringes from his pack. That one looked kind of beat up compared to the other ones. "I seriously doubt it. There was much easier prey back in the woods without chasing us for days."
\par "Well, the old guy was driving pretty slow ..."
\par "Look, if you want to worry about something, worry about finding out if there's even a train here that might take us all the way to the port."
\par "Uh, there is. Anders said so."
\par "Well good. Try finding out where it is and how we can get onto it with no money."
\par "Money?" I twisted my face up at him. "I don't think we have that much ..."
\par "They probably wouldn't even take whatever you do have out here. So see what you can get out of the old man's friend downstairs. Maybe another favor to get us on our way."
\par "What? I can't even understand anything he says. \i You\i0  go talk to him."
\par "Well learn. You aren't going to make it far out here without getting a feel for the regional dialects."
\par "The regional \i what\i0 ?" I made another face at him. "And who said I wanted to make it far \i anywhere\i0 ? Ev's dad was the one who knew where he was going. Her and I have to get back home."
\par "Fine," he finally relented after a few more seconds. "Do what you want. But for now - go eat. Sleep. Play with your friend. Just get \i out\i0  of my face for a few hours. Alright? Can you do that?"
\par "Okay! Fine. Jeez ..."
\par "And be careful what you do eat and drink here," he warned. I'd already flipped back around and flopped down to the bed again. "Unless you want to spend the rest of the time here in the head, avoid anything local, home-grown, -brewed, and water."
\par "Just what am I supposed to drink then?"
\par "Imports from off-world, if they have any. Figure it out. And only the hardest alcohols you can find. Keep it to a minimum," he added after another second's thought.
\par I sighed. Loudly.
\par "So ... why am I supposed to do this whole train thing anyways?" I asked, turning my head aside to look at him. "Seems like something you'd want to do. I mean, you wouldn't even let me-"
\par "Look, if I could walk on my own, I sure wouldn't trust you to do it all by yourself. I want to get off this rock," he admitted with some genuine passion that surprised me. "Either do something useful for once and figure out a way to do that sooner rather than later, or I'll do it myself as soon as I can get out of this chair without tearing the wound back open. Alright?"
\par "Is it that bad?" I asked. He'd put up such a brave front, I hadn't really even thought much about it after that night.
\par He shook his head. "I didn't have much medical supplies when I touched down. I sure didn't have what I needed back in the woods. Just let me rest."
\par "Okay," I told him. "I ... I can do that."\cf2\f1 
\par }
