{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Garamond;}}
{\colortbl ;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\fi720\sl480\slmult1\cf1\f0\fs22 
\par "Hey!"
\par Jules was standing alone in front of some loading access door when we finally caught up to him. It was almost dark again after running through those dusty streets with Ev in tow, trying not to lose him with the way he seemed to be trying to lose us. He'd gone from passing out cold just a few hours ago to all but bolting away down the streets. 
\par "What the hell are you doing?" 
\par I yelled at him then, out of breath but still fuming. I stomped right up and grabbed him by the arm, trying to pull him back around.
\par He shrugged me off, baring teeth out the side of his mouth at me. He stared ahead at that double-wide door ahead. It was closed.
\par There were other people around us, but I barely noticed them. Just enough to push them out of my way if they hadn't already gotten out of it, and get right up in that Eluvian man's face.
\par "What were you going to do?" I snapped. "Just going to leave us behind? \i Huh\i0 ?"
\par And he gave me a look like that was \i exactly\i0  what he'd been trying to do.
\par "You're really just an obnoxious little brat," he grunted at me instead. "You know that?" Looking all scornful and irritated. 
\par I puffed up.
\par "Yeah? Well, it's better than being a fucking asshole, you - fucking asshole!"
\par And I gave him a shove for good measure. A second later, and he was stomping right back up to me like a thunderhead.
\par "If you touch me again ..." he warned, sticking another gloved finger in my face. He jabbed it right up under my nose like he wanted to make a point.
\par So I socked him right in the mouth.
\par "Yeah!"
\par His face went around the opposite way. I stomped the ground after him. Everything went up in an excited rush, and I thought I might even hit him again - just for fun.
\par But then the feeling came back to my hand. I seethed, cradling it with the other. 
\par It hurt. A lot.
\par But not like what came next.
\par I didn't even see him take a swing at me. I really didn't even think he would. But he stepped in close without another word, and my guts just suddenly imploded. My lungs shriveled up and I dropped to the deck like a limp sack. Then I could only lay there, unable to breathe.
\par I would have stayed there too. The world closed in to rushing blood at my temples and those panicky attempts to force air down my throat. I forgot about everything else for a few seconds.
\par Then that Eluvian man was snatching my head back up by a fistful of hair. I would have screeched out at what shot through my skull with it. But I couldn't even make a sound.
\par He got down right beside me where I could look him in the eye.
\par "I've really had more than I should ever have taken from you," he snarled in my ear, making sure I did look him in the eye. And kept looking. "My ship and \i everything\i0  I had left is gone now - because of you."
\par He squeezed his fist just a little bit tighter and I actually managed to squeak.
\par "You're lucky the next train won't come until tonight," he continued, all but spitting the words at my face. "Or I \i would\i0  have left you and your useless friend behind on this \i miserable\i0 , little rock."
\par He let me go after that. I hardly noticed until I was gasping out on the floor. There were a few people standing around just watching the show. They had finally backed all the way away when I started shoving Jules. No one tried to do anything, and he pushed away from me back toward those loading doors.
\par I managed to get my head up before he went too far. I'd left Ev just standing back there behind us alone, still completely out of it. As I looked up, though, she was standing in the Eluvian's way now. He came up short in front of her, but didn't say anything. Just stared.
\par And Ev clicked that little baton of hers off her belt, taking it in one hand. Another second, and it was fully extended.
\par Jules kept staring at her for a few more, while I struggled to push myself back up from the ground. The man gave Ev a hard look.
\par "Just what do you think you're going to do with that?"
\par Her eyes weren't quite so vacant anymore. Her face was still red and puffy, with a sickly, white tinge to it. She met the Eluvian man's gaze without flinching. He waited for her to open her mouth. But she didn't.
\par "Ev?"
\par I got to my feet and staggered over toward them with a hand clutched to my throbbing guts. My lungs were still working a little funny too, and I bumped into Jules hard on my way to the other woman. This time, he just shrugged it off.
\par "It's okay. Alright?"
\par I took her hand in mine and helped her retract the staff to put it back away. The rifle slung over Jules shoulder already had mostly everyone keeping away from us. Not to mention the blood on our clothes and the fists we were throwing around at each other a minute ago. Someone might have already left to go get the local watch. They probably did. But we didn't need Ev throwing down some crazy too.
\par "You're a fucking asshole," I took a break from consoling her to spit back at Jules. He opened his mouth to say something more, but I cut him off. "No! Shut up - you're an asshole."
\par Not an hour in that dusty little town and we were already probably hated by everyone and their mother. So much for my first visit to a planetside village. I suppose it was just as well that we get on that train like Jules had said. If they'd even let us on. Maybe they'd throw just him off - you know, for being an asshole. Or arrest us if we didn't get the hell out of there. And fast.
\par Ev didn't say anything after that, going back inside her shell again. I took care of her, and kept her close. Jules didn't stray too far, but I didn't give a shit about that. We just settled in and waited like everyone else for the next train. I guess we were going to get on it - not like there was much else to do in that crappy little, washed-out town. Too bad the Eluvian man didn't seem like he was going to run away and do something else now. Maybe he was hoping he'd get a shot at punching Ev too, if he stuck around.
\par If I thought sitting there fuming about that Eluvian asshole was annoying, though, listening to all those people around whisper a little too loudly about us was ten times worse. I put on my best face for anyone who I caught looking my way - the one I learned to use on any of the scholars back at Riftwatch if they caught me partway between things they didn't like. It worked. Sometimes.
\par Either way, it was a long wait.\cf2 
\par }
