{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Garamond;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\fi720\sl480\slmult1\cf1\lang1033\f0\fs22 
\par By the time those double-doors opened and the crowd started to push us through along with everyone else, I was feeling just a little better. Enough not to pull my gun on Jules when I saw him ahead of us, anyways. We'd been sitting there for hours and hours and hours, and I'd been idly fantasizing about doing just that. Didn't seem like it'd go over well with the locals, though. They had finally shut up a bit with their funny-sounding whispers about us.
\par I pulled Ev along inside with me, and we all flowed roughly into a large, long cabin with a bunch of hanging bars that people started grabbing onto. I kept the Eluvian in sight since he at least seemed to know what he was doing. I grabbed onto one of those bars when he did, keeping hold of Ev with my other hand. A few more minutes, and we started moving.
\par My first time wasn't my best time. I guess.
\par Not that the day hadn't already been bad enough.
\par I lost my grip when that train abruptly whipped right, and it sent me flying out into the middle. I hit a couple people on my way down, but that didn't stop someone else from laughing. I scrambled back up, the cabin twisting the other way a second later. By the time I got back to that hanging bar, I knew why they were there in the first place. Somehow, Ev kept her feet the whole time.
\par "Well that's just great."
\par I slapped one hand at my pants, flinging away a bunch of dirt from the deck. Some older guy with a few missing teeth was grinning at me across the cabin, looking like the rest of those hicks. Miners, I guess. Isn't that what that old man Anders said?
\par Either way, I didn't grin back.
\par "Just great."
\par If that Eluvian man was feeling smug, I didn't catch it when I gave him a quick look. He was much more interested in staring at the ceiling, anyways. It was just as well. Until I noticed Ev doing the same thing.
\par "What're you ..." I started to say, following her eyes up quickly. There was nothing there but faded graffiti and rusted metal. "Are you okay?" I asked instead, grabbing at her arm. Shaking her didn't do a damn thing.
\par I didn't get long to worry about that, though, because someone suddenly screamed from back in the cabin and I twisted around to see Jules with his rifle unslung. A bunch of people hit the deck with their hands wrapped around their heads, but a few just pulled out knives and bludgeoning sticks and things like that of their own, looking like they were going to jump him. He wasn't paying much attention to them, though.
\par "WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU DOING?"
\par I screamed at him over the sudden uproar. A second later, though, the train lurched again, and I went flying into the opposite wall. Another, and the lights flickered and went out.
\par I wasn't sure - what with being all tangled up in a mass of limbs with some other people on the floor - but I could swear someone tore a hole in the roof right open. Because metal screeched louder than everyone, and cool night air was abruptly rushing over us to the sound of clanking rails.
\par Someone tried to stomp over my face when I looked back up toward that hole in the roof of the cab. He only got my arm. The one that had just started feeling better.
\par I punched that guy in the leg, and he went down. I kicked out at a few other people falling all over themselves around me too. Just because. And I hauled myself back out of that mess and up.
\par Then I saw it.
\par A black silhouette against the dark outside. I couldn't tell at first. It hung there against that hole, crouched above the edge and staring down inside. I blinked, but I couldn't see any eyes. It might have been a piece of the train.
\par But then it moved.
\par "Shit ..."
\par Rifle fire went off.
\par A couple flashes of light flicked away toward that thing outside the rent-open cabin. They got it in three different places - bright, little sparks that smoldered against the black. I'd seen enough vids to blink when they didn't punch a hole right through and knock that thing off for good. 
\par Instead, it dropped itself down right into the cabin.
\par I guess the people on that side didn't care much for it, because they tried rushing me and those others still tangled up on the floor. I couldn't see past them in the dark, but I didn't need to. I heard the screaming, and a few cut abruptly short. 
\par So I did the only rational thing I could think to do in a place like that. 
\par "SHIT!"
\par \pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1 I screamed and tried to run like hell too.\cf2\f1 
\par }
