{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Garamond;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\cf1\lang1033\f0\fs22 
\par "Hey."
\par Ev all but jumped out of her skin when I finally grabbed her by the shoulder. I'd called out to her a few times while I made my way into the bar, but she hadn't noticed. There weren't so many people in there, so the room wasn't so loud yet. She should have heard me.
\par "Don't go all spacey on me again," I warned her. "Old Weir-do's gone, but I'm not. And you make me feel like I'm just talking to myself."
\par "Shut up, Tess."
\par Her voice was flat, and far away. No venom, but I got the feeling just the same. She didn't look at me. She \i was\i0  spacing out.
\par I know, I know. It felt horrible even as I said it out loud, but I couldn't help blurting something out after watching her barely aware over the past few days. I wanted someone other than Jules for company, and everyone in that town just seemed to avoid us for the most part. Not that I tried to hard with them. I just ... I just wanted to see her \i not\i0  all broken up inside.
\par So I groaned.
\par "You've gotta stop thinking about it."
\par "What am I supposed to be thinking about?"
\par "Hey ..."
\par I reached across the table and put a hand over hers.
\par "It's going to be okay," I told her seriously. "\i We're\i0  going to be okay."
\par She looked at me for a few, long moments. Then she laughed. I actually got a laugh out of her for the first time in days. Too bad this one was bitter, short-lived, and half-hearted.
\par "No, Tess," she said. She swiped at an eye with the back of one of her hands, sniffing loudly. "It won't."
\par It was simple, and final. And I felt her slipping away.
\par We sat there for a while longer, me trying to cheer her up and breathe some life back in, but nothing really took, falling flat and lifeless on her end. I tried to sympathize more - I really did - but I kind of just wanted my friend back too much. Nolan Weir's death was ... shocking. But that's about it. I didn't really \i feel\i0  anything for him. He wasn't the kind of guy most people felt anything about. Well, except his coworkers, I guess. They must have just loved, loved, loved that big old intimidating brain of his.
\par No. We were so far away from everyone we'd ever known and Ev was all I had left right now. It hurt - physically - to watch her shattered in an instant. But telling her how much better than her dead old dad I really thought she was wouldn't have gotten me anything more than her hating me forever.
\par "I keep thinking I can go back," she was saying sometime later - still morose and broken-hearted, but talking about it at least. Lamenting in a low murmur, anyways. "Like I could change it. It hurts. You know that? I know I can't, but I want it so badly it feels like I just have to close my eyes hard enough and I'll be back there again. Like this isn't really real. So bad it hurts," she finished off after a long pause. Her eyes had already scraped the table clean with how hard they'd been digging into it that whole time. Back, and forth.
\par "How's Jules?" I asked, as much to change the mood as not knowing what else to say about that. The owner of the bar - Maddee-ass or Mateh-us or something - was giving me the stink-eye from behind the counter at the head of the room. I'd tried to talk to him yesterday about the train, and again this morning. Both times hadn't gone over too well. I don't know why he got so pissed at me since it was him I could barely understand.
\par "Well?"
\par I came back around to Ev once she hadn't bothered answering for a while. She just blinked in my direction of a sudden.
\par "What? Oh. Fine," she said. Then shrugged her shoulders. "Better. I suppose."
\par Once she'd come around a bit more to start asking questions, I'd had to fill her in on most of what had happened those last couple of days spent out in the woods. The crash. Jules, and those pirates. I'd avoided anything about her dad or not finding his body when I went back. I didn't want her to think that thing had eaten it or something like that. Probably freak her the fuck out on top of everything else.
\par She hadn't been as interested in the Eluvian as I'd been, though. Weird. But she got all quiet when I mentioned that creepy thing that chased us out of the forest. I thought that she maybe knew something about it or what it was, but she wouldn't answer me when I asked about it. Just tried to change the subject, and not too subtly either. I remembered those weird things from the cruiser wreck, though. And I could put a few things together in my head when I needed to.
\par "Here he comes," Ev said, glancing up toward the stairs across the room.
\par I twisted around in time to see Jules coming down, and looking a lot better. I'd been gone all day trying to figure that stuff with the train out and the last time I'd seen him, he'd been sticking himself with the last of those needles he had. Now I could barely tell he'd ever been off his feet at all. He was cleaned up, dressed up in his long coat, and wearing that grim, stone-faced look again. Looking just like the day I first saw him ... and got a mouthful of rifle butt.
\par "What did you find out?" he asked quietly at my shoulder after weeding his way through the other tables and the few groups of people already in for the late afternoon. We'd been there a few days now, but it was easy to tell that it was probably the only place to drink in the whole town and it filled up pretty quick by nighttime. Most of the rest of the town was either residential or industrial - some sort of mining thing, like that old man had said, the only reason it existed at all. I could tell the crowds made him edgy, but even stuffy old can't-kill-me-because-I'm-Eluvian Jules must have gotten stir-crazy stuck up in that room the whole time. It wasn't hard to smile at him this time with everything I'd learned that day. Remembering that made me forget Ev's poor mood for a few.
\par "I guess you finally decided to get over that whole stomach-puncture thing, huh?" I didn't even notice a limp in his step anymore. "That stuff really does the trick." I glanced at Ev looking alive and well - physically, at least. I never mentioned that bit about him sticking her with his heal-all drug while she was out and maybe, just maybe, saving her life. She didn't need to know it was my fault for pulling her out of that pod in the first place.
\par "Had to use the last of what I had," he said, sounding bitter about that. His eyes flickered at me like it was my fault for some reason. I shrugged.
\par "You were gone a long time."
\par "Worried about me? Awww ..."
\par "What did you find out?" he repeated, barreling angrily over those overly-done, cutesy sounds, and I flashed him a dazzling smile in turn. 
\par I could afford to be dazzling. I had good news. I'd done what he'd asked me too, and got exactly what he needed.
\par Jules had been trying to get me to go figure out what to do about getting out of that town since the moment we got there three days ago. Gotten pretty angry when I refused to do anything more than sleep off the whole running-for-my-life-while-being-chased-by-a-freaky-monster thing for the first night and day we got that room. Then it was all about carefully gorging on whatever Matty would give us and I could take when he wasn't paying enough attention - not that I felt too bad about stealing some of the worst food I'd ever tasted. Really, it was almost criminal how god-awful and shitty the local food was. And I think Jules was right about avoiding most of it. Too bad the hardest liquor they had tasted like someone had pulled it out of a septic pipe.
\par Today, though - today I took a good long look at that place where the train was supposed to be. \i Just\i0  like Jules wanted ...
\par "It \i would \i0 be really hard to get out of here," I told him after baiting the information a bit longer. He didn't really take it like I could've hoped, but it was nice to know that I was the one he needed for once. And just in time too, since he looked like he could take that whole town on himself again now. Probably would have gone and done it all tomorrow too, if I hadn't already.
\par I had spent all day looking around the place where they loaded all that crap they mined out of the hills outside of town on. The train wasn't supposed to come very often, but I had seen it roll in while I was hanging around out of sight of the guys working there. Apparently they were ready to make a shipment into port, and apparently they'd be loading it tomorrow. And that train was locked down tight and controlled by probably the only computer now in that entire town.
\par "Would?" he grunted. Suspicious, and impatient. And, again, I just hit him with another smile.
\par "That's right. Except ..." 
\par "Except \i what\i0 ?"
\par "Except you have \i me\i0 ."\cf2\f1 
\par }
