{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Garamond;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\cf1\lang1033\f0\fs22 
\par "You're going to \i hack \i0 into their security systems. A colonial \i government\i0  security system." And as if that wasn't enough sarcasm, Jules tacked on an insult at the end.
\par \i "You\i0 ."
\par "Don't get all snarky on me," I told him. "I got \i your\i0  ship off the ground, didn't I?. Uhhh ... \i yeah\i0 ," I stuck a finger in his face. "Your military-grade spaceship."
\par Jules was looking at me like he hadn't really thought that one entirely through since it happened. I could see the thoughts rolling around in his head for once, but he didn't dare say them out loud. They'd make me look too good.
\par Ass.
\par "And the stuff on that train was waaay older." 
\par I'd spent all day trying to get as close a look as I could, and I was pretty sure that old computer system interface was over ten years old. Even on that closed connection, microwaves were bleeding out it was so badly dated. I'd seen old stuff like that stored away back home. And I was pretty sure I could trick it into opening for us if I could just get close enough to try with my pad.
\par "I can \i absolutely \i0 get us on that thing tomorrow."
\par Jules stared at me for a while longer. I glanced at Ev, but she still seemed pretty distracted. So I just waited for the Eluvian man to make up his mind.
\par "Fine," he said. I couldn't read his mind anymore, but I could guess. He'd started getting closed, and distant again - not that that was a big change from the past few days. But at least he'd spent more time talking than just grunting and threatening. I guess now that the port was so close he didn't have to, though. He was probably getting ready to bolt.
\par I guess that was fine. A little weird, though. After the past week, I had a hard time thinking about Jules just being gone all of a sudden. It made sense, but ...
\par Well. I guess we were all just going home then after all. Right?
\par "Tonight," he said, making it a statement. But I was leading this show. And there wasn't a damn thing he could do about that for once. 
\par I shook my head.
\par "Tomorrow," I told him. 
\par "Why." 
\par It was flat, irritated, and dead-cold. But I felt generous.
\par "They're supposed to load up during the day and head out after dark," I explained to him, drawing it out with a wicked, conspiratorial wink. "We can sneak on then."
\par "And how did you find \i that\i0  out?"
\par "I have my ways ..."
\par I flashed another dramatic smile at him. Too bad those "ways" were just plain-old asking a few people working there. I'd found one of the guys who ran the thing out from the port. His accent wasn't so bad, so I could understand him at least. He kept giving me funny looks, though. Maybe Jules was right about us sounding as weird to them too. I guess it made sense.
\par Jules just sighed, leaning back in his chair. 
\par "So they won't just let us on?" he asked then. "Did you even manage to ask, or check with Matthias, about it while you were spending all that time running around out there?"
\par "Uh, yeah. I did." And the guy had been pretty adamant about it. Something about government property and all that. I told Jules as much, and he looked even less happy about the whole thing. I wasn't really sure what else we were going to do, though. If he was thinking about stealing a car - they must have been pretty rare out there. I hadn't seen a single one after the old man left days ago. And I didn't think that old guy was coming back either. He didn't really seem to fit in too well now that I thought about it, anyways.
\par Weird.
\par Oh well. It's not like I'd seen the rest of the people on that moon yet. For all I knew, maybe they spoke right everywhere else. Just look at that fidgety guy from the train.
\par "Fine," Jules said again. And slapped the table with his hand to get up.
\par "Tomorrow then. Be ready."
\par "Yep."\cf2\f1 
\par }
