{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil Garamond;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Garamond;}{\f2\fnil Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\cf1\lang1033\f0\fs22 
\par \f1  I shot straight up in bed. Gasping.
\par "What the fuck ..."
\par My whole body was covered in a cold sweat. Those rumpled clothes I'd slept in since Jules was in there with us were sticking to me now. Choking me. And I struggled to breathe. Terrifying, and sudden. The dark all around me squeezed tight and suffocating.
\par It passed.
\par "What the ... \i fuck \i0 ..."
\par I gasped out again, blinking around. I couldn't remember what I'd dreamt about, but it sure as hell wasn't anything good. It kind of left me feeling like someone had been trying to drive a bolt through the back of my skull.
\par "Damnit ..."
\par It must have been all that god-awful food and beer. My stomach was in knots, and I felt sick.
\par I did finally get myself back under control, though. Enough to swipe around at the cheap, sweat-soaked sheets and realize something was missing.
\par "Ev?"
\par The room was still. It must have still been night out since there wasn't any light poking in through the cracks in the wall. I guess they could get away with that with so much atmosphere around. I could just barely make out Jules' chair in the corner.
\par "Jules!" I whispered harshly at him. "Where'd Ev go?"
\par I flopped over to the edge of the bed to reach out and shake his chair, and I toppled right over to the floor. It was empty and I'd been ready for a full-sized man passed out in it. He was gone too.
\par "What the fuck ... where is everybody?"
\par No one answered me, so I groaned out loud and dragged myself back up to my feet. After a minute of stumbling around, I decided that they were both really gone. I even checked the toilet. Nothing. It was just me in there.
\par I scrambled back around for my jacket and shoes in the dark. I don't know why I didn't think to turn the light on first, but by the time I did, someone was at the door. I blinked as the hallway light spilled in, throwing a hand in front of my eyes.
\par "Damn it. Jules?"
\par There was a man standing there. He didn't answer, though. He just pointed a gun at me. And shot.\cf2\f2 
\par }
