{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Garamond;}}
{\colortbl ;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\cf1\lang1033\f0\fs22 
\par "Evelyn."
\par I jerked back awake at the touch of a hand. Was I sleeping? I didn't think so.
\par No. I'd been sitting there on the floor with that bloody, headless corpse gathered up in my arms.
\par The Eluvian man was standing there. He crouched down in front of me. Julian.
\par Julian. That was his name.
\par Tess was always calling him "Jules" for some reason. He seemed to hate when she did that.
\par "What happened?"
\par He was talking to me. I couldn't help the shaking in my head as I watched the walls around me dance and bounce about like mists of colorless gray. They didn't seem real somehow. Like if I looked at them too hard they would just come apart. I didn't think they were supposed to do that.
\par "Evelyn."
\par He snapped fingers in front of my face and I blinked at him, jerking upright again. I'd been staring at that head on the floor. That head with the dyed pink curls - bloody, and matted. Those eyes were staring back at me, one of them half-lidded. I think she was dead before they even started to ... to cut.
\par It all happened so fast.
\par "Tell me what happened," he prodded again. Somber, and grave as death.
\par I looked at him. I \i really \i0 looked at him. Looked through him. For a moment, he felt immaterial too. I blinked at him again.
\par "Where were you?"
\par It came out as barely more than a whisper. I could hardly form my voice to speak my tongue was so thick and swollen inside my mouth. I looked through him and saw the people gathered about outside the room. Matthias lead them. Frightened, and angry. 
\par They were immaterial too.
\par "Where were you?"
\par I grabbed him by the front of his coat, just thinking how if he had been there Tess wouldn't have been dead. He had left her alone in that room. He could have protected her. he could have \i been\i0  there. He could have ...
\par I felt like I could take Julian right of his feet. He looked at me in surprise, but that was it. He shimmered, and I slumped back down to the ground in a heap, releasing him.
\par "This isn't real," I told him. I didn't bother to listen to his answer about where he'd been. I don't think he gave me one. 
\par "This can't be happening to me."
\par "Evelyn."
\par He squeezed that hand into my shoulder, and white noise started to fill up the room.
\par "It isn't real."
\par Gray drowned out my thoughts, filling them up like water until my head was full to bursting.
\par "Evelyn!"
\par There was the rush of sound like thunder, crushing in from everywhere all at once. I felt it electrify me from without.
\par "Snap out of it!"
\par It drowned out Julian and those angry people outside too.
\par "It isn't real ..."
\par I squeezed my eyes shut.
\par "E-Ev?"
\par Everything died in an instant. Then it was just silent. The roar evaporated like it had never been.
\par Someone was squeezing my head.
\par "Snap out of it, Ev."
\par My eyes snapped back open. They were filled with tears for some reason. I think it was for that spectral voice inside my skull. It had echoed, and echoed ... until things finally stopped shaking all around. 
\par When I finally looked up, it was a familiar blob of pink I saw there floating in the haze.
\par "What ...?"
\par I swiped at my eyes as fast as I could to see, but that ghost didn't go away. No. She stayed. I tried to look through her like I had Julian. But she didn't shimmer at all.
\par At that sudden sight of Tess - alive, and not some headless corpse - everything abruptly settled back into place. The grayness dried up to nothing and there were just walls again.
\par I blinked around the room.
\par Those two men were the only bodies on the floor.
\par "It's going to be okay, Ev," Tess was mumbling harshly in my ear. "It's going to be okay ..."
\par I came back around and looked at the other woman. Her face was pale, but not dead. Her body was shivering. But not dead.
\par I snatched at her head of a sudden, absolutely certain it would just ... come right off. But it didn't. And I couldn't find the bloody seams with my fingers on her throat.
\par "... \i Ev\i0 !"
\par My hands flung back away from her as soon as I realized what I was doing. They'd been trying to choke her. I don't know why.
\par "Tess?"
\par "Yeah ..." She gulped, giving me a wide-eyed once-over.
\par "Are you ..." 
\par I tried to make words come out of my mouth, but I wasn't quite sure what I needed to ask. I felt off-balance. I felt like I was losing my mind.
\par Tess kept giving me that look. She eventually changed the subject of it, though, and decided to glance at those two corpses on the floor instead. 
\par "You, uh, ... do you think they were alone?"
\par I kept waiting for her to vanish, or her head to roll off, or ... something. I couldn't believe it. And I don't know why I kept waiting for that to happen like I wanted it to.
\par "Whaddyou think they wanted?"
\par I didn't know. I had murdered those two men, but I didn't really care. They'd killed Tess. 
\par They'd \i killed \i0 Tess. 
\par I don't know how long I would have stayed like that, but I couldn't stop staring at her like she might just evaporate into thin air or fall into pieces on me again. I abruptly realized that Julian was there, though, and not where he had been. He was on the opposite side of the room., poring over the corpse of the man I'd shot on the floor. 
\par "Vat the hell izz going on in the-ah!"
\par There were people outside the door still. I heard them, and I heard Matthias call tentatively into the room like he was afraid of what he might find. I thought he should have some idea from the corpse I'd shot up in the hallway, but then I looked that way and realized it wasn't there anymore. Someone had pulled it back inside the room.
\par Julian? I stared at it a few seconds longer. Then I noticed the hole burnt through its stomach. Not its back.
\par That wasn't ... right.
\par The Eluvian checked their vitals. I noticed the other dead man was exactly where I'd left him. I also noticed there was a blood and fire stain on the inside of the room where I'd blown the one's guts out - not past the door into the hallway.
\par Julian grabbed something from one of those corpses and got up.
\par "Come on," was all he said. I'm not sure where he thought he was going as he trudged past toward the door, but Tess was right behind him. She tugged me up from the ground along with her, and suddenly stopped.
\par "Where did you ... how ...?"
\par I blinked back up at her. She was looking down at my hand where the firebolt was.
\par Except, it couldn't have been the firebolt. Because Tess held out the same gun in her own hand right next to mine.
\par "I saw you grab that weird gun he was carrying," she told me. I glanced at the man I'd eviscerated with molten fire over on the floor and noticed the hole in his guts was about as big as the one the needle gun had made in the wall when he'd shot at me. Not like the firebolt pistol I'd had.
\par "Where'd you get \i that\i0 ?"
\par I couldn't answer her, though. Because I wasn't sure anymore.
\par }
