{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil Garamond;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Garamond;}{\f2\fnil Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\cf1\lang1033\f0\fs22 
\par \f1 "You look like you saw a ghost ... or something."
\par I glanced back at Tess. She was putting up a brave smile - for herself, or me, I couldn't tell. She was still pretty shaken up from the whole thing. Me, I didn't know what I was supposed to be feeling right about now.
\par "I did," I said instead. And I looked right at her when I said it.
\par "Oookay."
\par We were in the kitchens downstairs. Matthias was trying to keep us out of sight and getting on Julian again over what had happened upstairs. It would have been me and Tess, but the Eluvian had tried to ward him off. Apparently the bartender didn't like people shooting up his bar. I'd gotten the full story straight myself only after a few minutes of listening to Tess and Julian. And it wasn't at all how I remembered it happening.
\par Some details were the same. Those two men broke into the room with Tess and tried to kill her. I must have still heard the gunshot and come running. I took down the one, and shot the other. But that was about it. The rest of what Tess told me was different.
\par She said she'd pulled the pistol on them when they burst in and tried to shoot her. Tried to anyways. She fumbled it and shot a few holes in the wood floor instead. They managed to get past her, and pin her to the ground. But she'd been alive when they tried to cut off her head. Alive enough to kick the one with the cutter in the knee when I came in.
\par I had gotten them off her, just like before. I beat up the first one and disarmed him. I hadn't had my own pistol then. That was what Tess said, and she kept twisting the one I had now over and over in her hands trying to figure out how it had changed from the needle gun I took from the first guy. It was the needle gun I'd shot the other man with. And the first when he grabbed the cutter from the floor to throw at us. I hadn't cracked his head hard enough to knock him out this time.
\par That was what she told me. But that wasn't what I remembered.
\par Why wasn't that what I remembered?
\par Tess should have been dead, but she wasn't. I should have been holding her lifeless corpse, but it was gone as soon as I'd opened my eyes.
\par "Ev?"
\par I must have gone crazy. What else could it possibly be?
\par "Hey. Ev."
\par Tess' hand was on my shoulder. She was looking me in the eyes, trying to get my attention.
\par "It's going to be okay, okay?" she said with a smile for me. I could still see the terrified tears in her eyes from before. "We're okay now. We're going to be okay. Just ... okay?"
\par I stared at her. I didn't want to tell her that she was wrong because I didn't know \i how\i0  she was wrong. I didn't understand it at all.
\par Maybe she thought \i I\i0  was the one who needed consoling. I guess I was. At least, a little bit. But I hadn't been the one who'd gotten my head cut off. And there was this little manic tick in her eye. She was barely holding it together.
\par Julian stalked his way back over then, looking even more grim and irritated than before. His eyes kept darting back at Matthias standing on the other side of the room, and it looked like that argument had escalated.
\par "Well?" Tess blurted out when the Eluvian just stood there thinking it over for a minute without opening his mouth.
\par "He wants us gone," was what he said when he finally did. It was quiet, and low so the bartender couldn't hear. Julian gave each of us a hard once-over. "Tonight. He thinks it's our fault this happened."
\par There was a brief moment of silence before Tess' incredulous, "\i What\i0 ?"
\par "Apparently those two men came in here looking for you," Julian said. "He spoke to them down at the bar earlier, and told them where to find you."
\par "What-?" I started, but Tess ran right over me.
\par "He told them where we were?" 
\par That dropped flat out of her mouth. Right before Tess suddenly boiled over red and blotchy white in places, fists balled and shaking down at her sides.
\par "He told them he didn't want any trouble."
\par "He \i told\i0  them!" she cried.
\par And Julian weathered her sudden rush like a veteran.
\par "He sent those two up to our room! I mean, we just almost got \i killed\i0 ," she screeched at him. I knew she'd been trying to keep herself under control and calm, but she wasn't very good at it. And no one had ever tried to kill her before. I guess that made \i me \i0 the experienced one.
\par "Now where are we supposed to go? The train doesn't leave until tomorrow night!"
\par Julian opened his mouth to say something, but she just pushed right past him.
\par "Hey! Asshole! Yeah, \i you\i0 !" she started screaming at Matthias instead. "What the fuck do you expect us to do? Just go out there and hope you don't send any other murdering psychopaths our way? No-o-o! I say we stay right here until morning and make sure you don't do another goddamned thing!"
\par The man's eyes popped at her suddenly launching at him all a-fury, but his whole face went dark when she continued on.
\par "Whaddidyou say to those guys? Tell 'em to come up and rob us? Kill us?" she stabbed a finger at his face. "Just get rid of the weirdos from space for me, okay? They're eating all my food and smelling up my room! 
\par "Yeah, FUCK YOU!" she snapped.
\par "Theresa!"
\par Julian snatched her arm back before the bulky Matthias could take a swing at her. I don't know if he actually would have, but he certainly looked like he could. And the way Tess was getting all up in his face all of a sudden, I wouldn't have been surprised. I couldn't be after everything that had already happened. She spun around and launched on him instead.
\par "Don't fucking call me that! Where the hell were you while those assholes were trying to gun down Ev and me? Huh! Where the hell were \i you\i0 !"
\par There was some kind of commotion outside in the main room. We all heard it as the front doors must have swung open. They hit the hinges loud enough for the sound to reach the back. A few seconds later, and the room started getting quiet as someone shouted for Matthias. Something about it took the wind right out of Tess' hysterics.
\par For a second there, I thought Julian might take a swing at her too. He looked like he might, and I wondered what I could do if he did. But Tess broke down before he could do anything like that. She collapsed into a fit full of tears and flopped away toward a counter top, burying her face there.
\par "\i Fuck\i0 !" she wailed into a hand.
\par Julian looked at her. Then Matthias. And the barkeep just stuck a finger at him.
\par "Tonight. I mean it."
\par Then the man tore away through door back toward the front.
\par "Vat!"
\par It was quiet then for us in the back. Julian came back around from staring after Matthias, slowly. He looked at me first, then Tess. But I'd just been sitting there the whole time. Watching.
\par "Where were you, Jules," came the pitiful sobbing of a sudden from Tess' direction before the Eluvian could open his mouth to say anything. "Where were you ..."
\par "Scouting your train," was his answer.
\par "What ...?"
\par Tess lifted herself back off the counter to look at him, red-eyed and a mess. Funny to see her go to pieces like that so fast, especially after trying to keep \i me\i0  from falling apart on her. But I couldn't really blame her. I couldn't.
\par I think Julian was wrapping his head around just how messed up his situation was right about then. Stuck with two young women about ready to come apart at the seams. Stranded on some moon. Murderers coming after them with guns. That thing in the woods.
\par Tess had tried to keep it together, but she cracked under how close she'd come to getting her head chopped off. And me? I didn't know what to even \i start\i0  to think about me. I was some whole other place away.
\par "I think we can get out on it," Julian offered after another pause. "You might've been right about that."
\par I didn't know if he was just trying to butter her up and calm her down or what, but it worked. A little. She swiped at her face and eyes with an arm, and started to compose herself again. She was still standing there in only a shirt and pants without shoes.
\par "Okay ..." she sniffed, and tried to laugh. "So, what do we do now?"
\par "First thing," he started again. "Those two weren't after you. Or us."
\par "What?" Tess finally listened.
\par Then he looked at me.\cf2\f2 
\par }
