{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil Garamond;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Garamond;}{\f2\fnil Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\cf1\lang1033\f0\fs22 
\par \f1 "What? What're you looking at her for?"
\par Tess asked. Julian didn't answer her, though. He just kept staring me down like he expected some sort of answer from me. But I didn't have one for him. I didn't have one for myself.
\par "Well?" she sniffed loudly. "What is it?"
\par Eventually, Tess got tired of waiting for him. He glanced at her, then pulled something out of his jacket. It looked like a comm.
\par He held the thing up in front of us. "I took this from one of the dead men who attacked you," he said "It's encrypted, but not well. I was able to piece together the last few messages at least. Do you know what they were?"
\par I stared back at him, but didn't say anything. I wasn't sure what he wanted me to say.
\par "Coordinates," he offered in flat tones. Expectantly. "For this town. And a description. For you, since there aren't any other off-world women running around here with hair and eyes that particular color."
\par "\i Her\i0  color? What about me?"
\par Tess had still barely picked herself back up from losing it a minute ago, but that shakiness got buried in those leading questions. Leading me, that is. He was fishing for an answer in my eyes and I think he got it a couple seconds later when it suddenly dawned on me just why someone might have been looking for me at all.
\par I started shaking myself. As I watched, the hand I'd brought to my face was trembling. It was a bit surreal, being as numb just then from overload as I was. My body still felt the shock and surprise, but I couldn't interpret it intellectually. I felt almost entirely detached from the whole thing like I was just watching someone else do it for me.
\par "Wh-why did they attack Tess, then?" I heard myself ask. But that wasn't the real question inside my head. It was why had they tried to take her head.
\par I couldn't ever admit to that, though.
\par "You tell me," was all Julian said.
\par "I don't know."
\par I couldn't look at him anymore. Or Tess. Flashbacks to the cruiser in space, that man trying to take me from dad, and that black sword stabbed right through him instead. Someone had come for Tess, but they were looking for me. I'd seen her die right in front of me, and it had all been because of me. Again.
\par But she was alive now. Right?
\par Dad was dead. She wasn't. I had saved her somehow. 
\par Right?
\par I guess I really didn't know just what to think anymore.
\par "How did they find me?" my mouth asked next. Julian was still studying me with that penetrating eye. That man from the cruiser couldn't have found me all the way out here. Could he? I was lost somewhere even I didn't know where.
\par It wasn't so far from where we had been, though. Dad never really told me where we were going either, but he had told me to look for someone in a place called Lyricum. Those coordinates he'd had me punch into the life pod were supposed to take me there. Was that this moon? I hadn't thought to ask any locals yet, and I had no idea how I was supposed to find anyone somewhere lost on an entire moon. But that man from the cruiser had managed to find us, and I don't think dad had thought he could. He'd caught dad by surprise, and he was dead now because of it. Maybe he could find me too.
\par "I'd say someone called in about your friend here poking around government property and looking pretty foreign and out of place," he speculated. "I'd have to break the encryption on the rest of his communications to be sure, but I recognized a few more simple datapoints. Numbers and money, I think."
\par "\i Money\i0 ?"
\par Julian nodded at Tess. She was twisting the whole idea of it around in her head like it didn't make any sense. I guess it wouldn't - to her.
\par "These weren't security agents, and I doubt they'd hire contract killers just to investigate a strange girl asking questions."
\par "So \i what \i0 then?" Tess prodded. "Just spit it out, Jules."
\par "Bounty hunters," was what he concluded. And he left it at that just for me.
\par I sat with that thought in my head for a while, trying to just think around it. It was hard. Everything since leaving home had started to look and feel like one long nightmare that I kept hoping I would just wake up from. Dad was dead. Tess was too ... sort of. And everything else just felt like it was slipping wildly away around me.
\par Again, Tess broke in before I could think too far down that path.
\par "You're kidding, right?" She practically laughed. "Bounty hunters? Like in the vids, seriously? I mean, why the hell would anyone want to pay to find Ev?"
\par "Why are you asking me?" Julian threw back at her. "I don't even know you two, or anything about you. This is \i your\i0  problem-"
\par But Tess gasped right over him, not listening. 
\par "Wait. You don't think this has anything to do with those messages your dad got right before we left ... do you?"
\par I just frowned at that.
\par "What?"
\par She clamped up, though, thinking. I shook my head angrily at that, flipping a hand. Julian looked from one of us to the other.
\par "\i What\i0 , Tess?"
\par "I don't know," she finally admitted, twisting her head back and forth. "I got into old Weirdo's inbox and read something about some people being after you. He said two were on Riftwatch right before we left. I dunno if that makes any sense, but ... you think it might have been those two, uh, upstairs?"
\par I blinked at her, and then stared. Tess had a bad habit of getting into places she didn't belong, and it didn't surprise me that she had hacked into dad's stuff. I went along for the ride sometimes even. But ...
\par "No."
\par "What?" she asked, a little incredulous. "Come on. That has to be it!"
\par "No." I shook my head again.
\par Those two upstairs were different. If he had said there were two people on Riftwatch looking for me back then - then they had been those two who attacked me. I hadn't killed them, but the two upstairs were different. More professional, I think. I guess. 
\par I don't know.
\par "Did," I started, but I had a hard time following through. I looked Tess in the eyes and managed to do it, though.
\par "Did he say why they wanted ... me?"
\par My breath caught for just a second. That was as long as it took for Tess to shake her head. She didn't know. She had no idea, no more than I did. Who could expect her to?
\par But there weren't just two. Probably more than those four already. How could we know? Who would? Dad, maybe. And who would want to come after \i me\i0 ? Why would anyone care?
\par Dad would know. But dad was dead.
\par "What do we do?"
\par I asked it this time. I looked up to Julian standing there watching and listening to us. I think he was satisfied with my genuine lack of understanding about the whole situation, even if he still held fast to that suspicion in the back of his head. I looked up to him because he hadn't lost his mind in all this mess. Tess was an emotional wreck teaming just below a thin, easily distracted surface. Me, I was pretty sure I was just crazy. But Julian, whoever he was, was about the closest thing to sanity still maybe willing to help us get out of there.
\par I waited, and eventually he opened his mouth.
\par "We'll take our chances with the train tonight and see what we can manage," he told us. "Go get dressed. Get yours things too. We're getting out of here."\cf2\f2 
\par }
