{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Garamond;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\cf1\lang1033\f0\fs22 
\par It was while Tess and I were alone back in the room that I started to wonder what Julian might do now that he found out someone might pay to bring me to them. I was worth a lot of money - that's what those men who attacked me back home had said. That's what the man on the cruiser must have wanted. And that's what those two corpses still lying out on the floor had been after when they came out here. I don't think they cared if I was dead or alive.
\par Julian didn't know us, and we didn't know him. Somehow we'd just gotten stuck together trying to get back to civilization. And we were almost there. So I wondered just what he might do about it when the time came.
\par Tess noticed me just standing there, and stopped herself.
\par "What's wrong?"
\par I laughed. I couldn't help it. And Tess gave me a weird look when I did. Then I shook my head.
\par "Nothing."
\par We both avoided those bodies and pretended like they weren't even there.
\par I got changed, but I couldn't shake the feeling of those mens' blood on me. It had been worse on the transport cruiser. It had been worse when it was dad's blood. Somehow, I kept getting it on me and it just wouldn't come off. I was scrubbing at imaginary stains on my skin in the bathroom for a good while again for not the first time since we'd gotten there.
\par Tess got dressed. I found her trying to straighten her strawberry hair back out in front of the antique-looking woodframe mirror that one of the dead men had managed to crack and splatter his blood on when he went down. I think she'd been there for a while, just like me in the bathroom. She had a feverish look in her eye; she just couldn't get herself to look straight again.
\par I touched her arm with a hand and she jumped.
\par She screamed back at me in surprise, then took one last look in the mirror. "I - I don't even know what to do about it ..."
\par "Let's just go," was all I said, and she nodded her head reluctantly. That got us out of the room at least.
\par I couldn't help but notice myself in that busted glass, though. My eyes looked sunken and the rest of me a pale, worn and beaten mess. So different from the last time I'd caught a glimpse of myself back home that, for a second, I thought there was someone else in the room with us. Terrible, raw, and ugly, from everything that had happened since home. I wondered why Julian even bothered with us.
\par When we got back downstairs, the Eluvian man wasn't waiting for us in the back like he was supposed to be. I heard some people shouting out front as we passed, but wasn't paying much attention to that. I just wanted to get out of there as quickly as possible now - slip quietly out the back while we still could and get away. But when we couldn't find Julian, Tess hurried out front. I followed her, and we both came up short.
\par "What's going on, Jules?"
\par Tess tugged at the Eluvian man's arm. He was standing there staring at that group of townspeople gathered around one table and shouting intermittently at each other now. It took me a few seconds, but I realized they had someone up on that table that I couldn't see past all the bodies. A few others were scattered about just standing and watching like we were.
\par That man on the table was making some of the strangest groaning noises I'd ever heard in my life. Not very human anyways. Tess tried to get a closer look, but I knew immediately that I didn't want anything to do with it. I caught one look at the man's arm as it flopped down between some of those standing around him and that was all I needed.
\par "Can we go?" I whispered frantically at Julian's back. "Please? Now?"
\par But I had to compete with Tess' suddenly confused, quaky voice at it.
\par "Wh-what are they doing to him?" was Tess' response to that brief flash of sickly pale skin, black throbbing spiderweb veins, and all those noises. But I didn't think anyone else there knew any better what was going on than we did.
\par Julian tore his eyes away long enough to glance at the front door, then me and Tess. He started to move, and I was already on his heels. 
\par "Come on, Tess!" I grabbed at her standing shocked and silent there, staring.
\par But then that man on the table spoke.
\par \i LIGHT\i0 .
\par And we all stopped dead in our tracks behind Julian.
\par The voice that slithered out of that sick man's mouth slammed into me full force like something physical. It was otherwordly and familiar, grating and grinding like rent gears and metal. Something sinister that opened up a pit deep in my stomach that I could fall right through. I saw Tess go pale.
\par "Light? The lights are on! There's plenty of light," came Matthias' voice above the uproar, overwhelmed and distraught.
\par "Maybe ... maybe he means turn them off!" someone suggested frantically. It was probably the stupidest thing to think just then. Whatever that voice might have wanted, it wasn't anything anyone should have given it.
\par "Vat the hell would he want that for?"
\par "I don't fahking know - you tell me!"
\par But, "Fine, try it then!" was what Matthias fumbled and spat out. "But bring me a light to see!" The other man who had spoken broke free of the pack and rushed towards the wall.
\par I stumbled back behind Julian, putting him between me and the rest of the room while a wayward hand tugged at his jacket. He didn't notice me, though, and neither did Tess. It was hard not to just fall into a stunned, helpless silence like everyone else at the thrashing noises that thing on the table was making.
\par The man who'd gone for them managed to hit the lights, and they dimmed down to nothing. And, for the first time since we got there, the whole bar went absolutely quiet.
\par Mostly anyways. There was still Matthias and those others trying to hold the man down. He had gone quiet too.
\par “Deeter?" came the bartender’s frantic voice. “Deeter? Deeter, can you hear me?”
\par He must have been crouched over that man on the table when it abruptly started convulsing in the dark.
\par “Deeter!” Matthias yelled. “Someone! Light! Now!”
\par "He just turned them off!"
\par "Well I can't see a fucking thing! Get me a torch!"
\par People were stumbling over each other in the dark. Dim starlight from outside was letting me start to adjust, but Tess, Julian, and I just stood there.
\par Then there was a gasp of surprise – cut short and followed by the sound of someone choking.
\par “Matthias?”
\par Something crashed into the floor. So did a few people, tumbling down and crying out angrily or in surprise too. Someone else sparked a light, and for a brief moment, we all saw that thing on the table wearing half a man’s twisted, broken face.
\par The breath that caught in my throat at the sight of it felt collective.
\par It howled a throatless cry, and dashed the shocked man holding the light to pieces. Then the whole place went dark again.\cf2\f1 
\par }
