{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil Garamond;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Garamond;}{\f2\fnil Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\cf1\lang1033\f0\fs22 
\par \f1 For a second, I couldn't move. And in that second I heard some of the worst things I had ever heard in my life going on in the dark.
\par Yelling. Screaming. Blood being splattered and those same screams cutting off abruptly.
\par People died. I heard them. The sound of soft flesh and brittle bone hacked wetly apart where I couldn't see. It made me flinch. It made my blood run cold and the rest of me go shock-still like death had suddenly appeared and grabbed a hold of me. I couldn't see it. But I could feel it.
\par Like back on the cruiser. Only this time ... it was all happening right there in front of me. Not off somewhere echoing in the dark out of reach. I could run as long as there was a distance between us. Not here, though. I felt it on top of me, butchering everyone else like meat. So I just stood there, waiting for my turn to come next.
\par Julian was the one that moved.
\par Light pierced the darkness like a knife into hell. It poured out from the fixture on the his rifle, slicing away at those shadows so sharp and sudden that it seemed to burn.
\par The black, too-smooth and angular back of what was left of that man from the table was the first thing caught in Julian's ring of light. It was bent over, looking like it was eating something. The weapon sang and bolts of electric fire punched out across the room at it. But the thing had howled and slipped out of sight before he'd even pulled the trigger. It skittered away into the dark again.
\par Julian fired after it, twisting around. He missed, but I barely noticed. That light sweeping across the room gave me an eyeful of a dozen slaughtered bodies. Everyone else from the bar that had been standing around that table.
\par They were all dead.
\par Tess had the right idea. She bolted.
\par Firebolts lit up the room behind one after another as I twisted around and threw myself in the opposite direction of where I thought that thing had gone. Too bad it was away from the front door and outside. There was still the back door, though. That was what I flew towards as I shot out of the room right on top of Tess' heels.
\par Tess veered left. I didn't. She peeled away and I was left skipping ahead.
\par Tess stomped right up the stairs, tripping all over herself as she went. I managed to catch myself and spin around, screaming after her. I couldn't breathe, though, so I just threw myself back at the steps too. I saw Julian firing away in the front room still, turning about in an arc back toward where we were. But right before he could, something loomed up in front of the kitchen door right in front of my face. 
\par My feet tried to fly out from under me. Somehow, I flung myself over into the stairs instead - right as that thing swiped in for me. I forgot Julian. I forgot Tess. And I forgot myself. Those steps fell under my hands and feet as my body clawed its way up them as fast as it could.
\par Blood thumping, and deperate panting filled my ears. A fleshless shriek ripped in at the coat on my back from behind. I felt it like a physical thing - tearing at me. Heart inside my throat and stairs swimming in my eyes. Hands scratched and splintered, legs flying wild with knees catching the lip. I didn't feel that. All I could feel was that thing right behind me, trying to snatch me back down into the dark.
\par Suddenly I was at the top and Tess was there, latching onto my arm and pulling me into the upstairs hall toward our abandoned room. I nearly pulled her back over and down with me in surprise, but I was too stiff and paralyzed. She tripped over the door, kicking it wide and stumbling in with me dragging behind her. Then she flopped over the bed face-first, diving toward the far corner. I fell into the bathroom door, twisting back around and unable to breathe.
\par For a few seconds, it was just the sound of both of us panting aloud in that cramped room. Tess didn't bother righting herself - lying there with her head crooked between the wall and the floor and half under the bed. She just managed to cast a finger at me.
\par "... the door!" she gasped out.
\par I was already throwing myself at it before she could even open her mouth, though. I thought about the Eluvian man as I fumbled my trembling hands with the old maglock controls, but I knew. He was already dead too.
\par "Oh \i god\i0 ," Tess cried out when it was done, and I stumbled back, "Jules!" She must have been echoing my thoughts and realized where we had left him just as well as I did.
\par I had a sinking feeling all over as I staggered back into the corner of the bathroom doorframe again. My heart had settled somewhere between my chest and my neck, trying to gag me as my body went cold. I had flashes of all those people down there. Butchered pieces of bloody meat. Just like the ones on the ship ...
\par "Ev ..."
\par The quiet sound of Tess' voice from behind brought me back abruptly in a rush. I'd lost a few seconds, and I'd almost lost myself again.
\par "What?"
\par "We just ... we just," she struggled, mouth bobbing open and lip trembling. Her face was pale and blotchy, wide-eyed and terrified. In shock.
\par Her voice dropped down to a harsh whisper.
\par "... \i Left\i0  him down there."
\par I checked the lock on the door again - nothing like the ones back home on Riftwatch. Those magnetic seals weren't meant to keep research hidden away. The door wasn't designed to hold up to vacuum, and I didn't know if it could hold back that thing. It must have come from the cruiser. It must have been one of those monsters that tore the whole thing apart. It must have followed me all the way down there and somehow gotten inside that man downstairs and-
\par I cast around the room for something - \i anything\i0  - before I remembered the pistol I still had in my coat pocket. The duplicate to the one Tess had taken from me. I fumbled around with shaky hands until I found it.
\par I glanced back at Tess, and she was looking at me like I was crazy, tears glinting in the corners of her eyes. That didn't stop her from scrambling to get her own gun free from the pack on her back. She even managed to climb back to her feet.
\par "Wh-what are we gonna do, Ev?" she asked me. As if I had any clue. Those two dead bounty hunters were still in there - starting to make the place stink like meat. I shook my head, trying not to think about all the dead people piling up in that place around me.
\par "I ... I don't know!"
\par Something slammed into the door.
\par I'm not sure who screamed - Tess, or me. Maybe both. I lost a step and she tried to scrunch herself down into the corner. Then we both went dead quiet.
\par If there was any hope that it might have been Julian on the other side of that door, it was shattered in the next second when the metal snapped inward at the next blow. It warped and ground aloud. As I watched, a hole opened up at the deepest point. Then the thing just started hammering and slicing into it full force. And I couldn't help imagining those men downstairs as it ripped them all to pieces.
\par Tess was the first one to pull her gun, but we both started firing wildly at the door and the wall around then. Bolts of fire hissed into steal, bursting into molten flame and punching holes right through the metal. Pulses of fire flashed in a sudden fury, inundating the dim lights in the room as we let loose on anything and everything in a frantic three-meter radius around that door until it was nothing more than a smoldering piece of melting steel. Then we stood there, breathing heavy and still as everything went quiet again.
\par "... did we get it?"
\par I didn't look at Tess. I couldn't peel my eyes away from the door - what was left of it. Waiting with my breath catching inside my throat. She eventually fixed back on it too, pistol still stuck out in front of her and shaking in her hands. I wasn't much better. Still, she screamed before I did.
\par That thing burst right through the molten metal. The door came apart in steel shards, scattering into the room. And I think I must have panicked, because the next thing I knew - I had locked myself inside the bathroom.\cf2\f2 
\par }
