{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil Garamond;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Garamond;}{\f2\fnil Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\cf1\lang1033\f0\fs22 
\par \f1 Something clawed at the window behind me, and I twisted back around. Tess was there. For a second, I thought I'd abandoned her back in the room.
\par It was a terrible thought.
\par "I think we can get through it!" she cried back at me, yanking at the latches and trying to twist the small porthole back. She put her whole body into it and I just watched.
\par The bathroom door jumped back against its hinges. I flinched and nearly lost my pistol. Tess caught her breath and froze.
\par "Shoot it!" I managed to blurt out at her.
\par She spun around and pointed her own gun at the glass. A hole melted through it almost instantly, and the faint hiss of the evening wind outside swept in.
\par "Open the door!" we both heard come from the other side of that door, and stopped.
\par The banging continued, focused and intent. Not violent and murderous like before. Nothing tried to slice right through like before.
\par "Jules?" Tess whispered back, almost too stunned to speak. He couldn't have heard her, but I'd already unlocked the door and pulled it back open by then. And the Eluvian man was standing there with his rifle in one hand. I half-expected him to bust in with that thing right behind him, but he just grabbed me by the arm and tried to haul me outside.
\par "Come on," he snapped at Tess. "Hurry!"
\par "Where'd it go?" Tess demanded instead, shaking her head. I didn't want to go back out there either.
\par She got her answer a second later, though. When what was left of the glass behind her burst in and scattered jagged shards everywhere.
\par Something reached inside, shrieking as it did. Into the low bathroom light. It sliced the air at the other woman's back and she screamed, collapsing down into the side of the wall beneath the broken window. It howled after her, inky skin twisting in the light and smoking. And I had a nightmarish moment of paralysis as it grabbed at Tess.
\par Sound bled away. I watched it go, and things slowed down. Long, spiney fingers crept through the air out of the night toward the other woman. I watched as they did.
\par The world exploded next to my ear. Then everything came rushing back.
\par Julian had a flurry of shots burning holes into the night outside before Tess had even hit the ground.
\par The thing vanished. I stood there staring after it, but couldn't see anything outside through the window in the dark. Had he hit it? Everything happened so fast, it was hard to think. I didn't think so. But he scared it off.
\par "Move," he ordered Tess again, letting me go to dart in and yank her up himself. He pulled the bathroom door shut behind us, pushing us away. A shot from his rifle blew the control pad next to it. I wondered if he realized how easily that thing had cut through before, but he just got in front with the rifle facing the broken door at the front of the room.
\par I looked out into the hallway, my skin chilled over and crawling. Shadows lapped at the corners of the broken door, flickering like they were alive. They could have been. That thing could have been anywhere now. I could still see that one bony-looking, distended black limb reaching inside to snatch at Tess.
\par Julian ducked under the broken door, sweeping either way down the hallway with the light on his rifle. Then he beckoned us with a hand. 
\par Neither Tess nor me were moving. Julian tried to push ahead but quickly left us behind. My whole body shook. Tess wasn't much better. I glanced back at her and she looked like she'd gone catatonic. I wondered if I had too. It felt like it.
\par There were a few seconds there where Julian just stood there then, looking unsure just what to do. I could read all the thoughts rippling across his tattooed face for a moment, buried just beneath the surface.
\par Then he lowered his rifle and stepped back inside.
\par "Just stay behind me," he said, putting a firm hand on my shoulder. Then he moved on to Tess. "Alright? You'll make it. Just keep up with me.
\par "Hey." He looked Tess right in the eyes, shaking her until she looked up at him. "Theresa." She finally blinked. There were tears there. "I need you to keep your eyes open and stay with me. You can do that. I know you can."
\par She stared at him for a few seconds, unregistering. Eventually, something snapped back into her, though, because she managed to nod her head, shaking as bad as she was. The Eluvian man slung his rifle, and took her hand firmly in his. Then he pulled a pistol in the other and started toward the door again.
\par I wanted to ask why. The enormity of it all crashed around me like waves against a rock, leaving me feeling like an oasis of clarity stuck outside time. I wanted to know why he had come back for us. Why he hadn't run as soon as we left him behind downstairs. Why he was still even there with something like that chasing us around.
\par I watched him and Tess push past me in slow motion like I wasn't even there. Him, leading and undaunted by all those horrors we'd seen and were still running loose somewhere out of sight just waiting to tear us to shreds. - How couldn't they terrify him? - Her, looking accidentally beautiful in that frail, helpless, and distraught state. She was barely a ghost but he'd die for her anyways. And \i he\i0  couldn't be killed.
\par It was surreal for a moment. And I felt something. Something dark.
\par "E-Ev?"
\par They'd left me behind. Tess' cracking voice snapped me back from wherever I'd been. I was still inside the room. Alone. I felt a shiver sweep through me from head to toe. Then I slipped outside where they were waiting.\cf2\f2 
\par }
