{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Garamond;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\cf1\lang1033\f0\fs22 
\par We made it outside. I'm not sure how and I'm not sure why - but that thing didn't come back for us right away. Julian led us back down the stairs again, pistol free and tracking every shadow that moved. It had been fast. I thought - too fast for even him. But there was that paranoid, selfish hope that he might give us the chance to run again if it caught him first, and I couldn't rationalize that thought away from me in that moment.
\par Some of the people from downstairs had been alive when Tess and I took off. We found one of them still bleeding out, his face smeared in choked up blood and belly ripped wide open. There was nothing we could do for him, was all Julian had said when he caught us staring. He still went over to him like he would do something, though. Crouched down in front of his pain-stricken, terrified eyes while we watched. Then, before either of us had realized it, he'd pulled out a knife and plunged it right into the man's chest.
\par I think he died almost instantly. I needed to think that, as I watched Julian murder that man in cold blood right in front of us. Tess tensed up next to me, eyes wide. Her mouth hung there, open, and unable to move.
\par "Keep quiet, and keep moving," was all the Eluvian man had said when he brushed back past us. He'd still had the pistol. There was the displaced thought in my head for why he hadn't just used that. I suppose the knife had been quieter.
\par "You killed him," the other woman had breathed out then, still staring. I'd barely heard her, but Julian twisted his head back around.
\par "He was already dead. Keep up."
\par Tess hadn't, though. I'd had to pull her away from eying that corpse, and watch her come apart that much more at the seams. I took a good look around at the dead ones as I did. Some of them looked like they'd had a huge chunk or two bit out of them. I tried not to let Tess see.
\par I didn't undestand why we made it out of there alive. Not until I heard the not-so-distant screaming in the town. 
\par We came up short.
\par "Oh my god," Tess gasped out when she heard them, staring off into the night. Those sounds shook her free of her stupor for a second. "W-what is ...?" She pointed one, feeble hand out that way, turning a shock-frozen look of desperation back on me. But I wasn't sure what to say.
\par "We killed them," I breathed out loud beside her. I'm not sure where the thought came from, but it weighed down so right on me of a sudden that I felt it crushing my guts. That thing was here because of us. Because of \i me\i0 . It had followed me out of my nightmares to the ship, and then down here.
\par "I killed them." 
\par My hands started trembling all on their own.
\par "How did it find us?" Tess whimpered right over me like she hadn't heard. She was still pleading. "How did it follow us all the way here?"
\par "Jules!" she snapped wildly past my shoulder at Julian when he didn't answer right away. He had been looking the other way and only gave the screams a passing glance.
\par "I don't know, but you'd better forget about them if you want to stay alive."
\par That threw Tess again. Like him executing that man back there had. Her face froze again in that distraught, horrified expression for a few seconds before she could open her mouth. And when she did, it was like she hadn't even heard a word he said - her brain had just reset.
\par "How did it \i get\i0  here?"
\par "What do you want us to do?" I broke in instead.
\par "We have to get back to that train."
\par "We have to do something!" Tess wailed at him, stabbing a hand back at the town. "We can't just ... just ..."
\par His brow lowered, and those flint-like eyes leveled on her. They clamped her mouth shut.
\par "Come on," Julian growled, grabbing her bodily. She was too stunned to struggle. He just gave me a look and I fell in behind.
\par We spent the rest of that night in one of the cars of the train.
\par I'd never seen a locomotive before in person. The real thing was somehow more impressive than I imagined and less than I thought it should be. Neither Tess nor me got too excited about that idle metal behemoth hovering suspended from the ground in a near-frictionless state, though. Julian said it was a light freight model, built for carrying tons of cargo. Thick, durable, titanium alloys. Tess just pulled out her pad and tried to get a door open despite her numb, shaky fingers.
\par My skin crawled all over while we waited. I felt like that thing would come hurtling out of the darkness at us at any moment while she did, and I tried to put my back to the steel monster with Julian between me and the dark of night. We heard screams. Heart-wrenching screams from the town, as people died. Too bad most of us were far too gone to notice, or care.
\par Tess did eventually manage to get the thing open, and we never saw anything more of that thing before we got inside. Julian locked us in one of the front cars that managed to open and we bunkered down for the rest of the night to the muted sounds of death outside.
\par After an hour or two, we just stopped hearing them any more.\cf2\f1 
\par }
