{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Garamond;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\cf1\lang1033\f0\fs22 
\par The first sensation I had when I woke back up was a hand closing over my mouth. The next was that Eluvian man's face in mine as I jerked away struggling. He put a finger to his lips and tried to calm me down.
\par It was quiet. Warm too. The cabin we locked ourselves in had been meant for freight, not people, and it was stuffy and stank with us spending the night in it. The ventilation was for the people going in and out, leaving the air heavy and stale. But we were still alive.
\par I looked over at Tess, who was still huddled next to me where we'd fallen asleep. Her eyes were deep, and haunted. I wondered how bad mine looked. Probably worse.
\par The car was mostly empty. The floor was dirty with whatever had been in it before, but that was about it. We might have escaped back into the train proper, but the door to the freight compartment we hid ourselves in was sealed tight to the inside with something Tess couldn't tap into. She'd been able to get the outside door open, though. That lock had been older and less secure for some reason that I didn't really care about, but surprised Tess.
\par Julian had eased his way back over to the doors, crouched down. He gave us one pointed look before carefully unsealing the manual lock. Those cars weren't really meant for people, looking like they unloaded from the top with some heavy machinery. I guess they hadn't been too worried about people breaking in. 
\par The Eluvian cracked the door as quietly as he could while we watched. And he sat there for a long time, looking out.
\par "Well?" Tess whispered hoarsely at him when he didn't turn back around for that while. He didn't answer, though. Just stuck a hand back at us sharply in response.
\par "What is it?" I asked before Tess could. And the door snapped back.
\par Julian lost his footing. He'd been leaning hard against the thing as it shifted. He caught himself, pistol in hand. But not before another gun was pointed at his head.
\par There was a moment where Tess and I watched helplessly as someone in a battered uniform leveled the barrel of a rifle on Julian. And I saw it bursting apart with molten flame in my mind's eye before it even happened, like seeing the future a split second out. It wasn't the future that happened, though. Julian spun around where he was on the floor and shoved that gun barrel away before it could. And he had his pistol at the other man's throat instead.
\par They both froze. That man had his teeth clenched, not daring to move. Fair-haired and lightly colored eyes like most of the locals. His face was blotched and dirty, with a little blood. He looked like he'd been running all night and hid in a garbage compactor.
\par "What're you doing here?" he managed to spit out after a couple more seconds, eyes blinking around at each of us - especially Julian's gun.
\par "Drop it," was all the Eluvian said.
\par The man did. Fast too. I'd almost expected a little more bravado. 
\par "What are you doing in here?" he asked again after Julian had taken his weapon. The Eluvian checked it over, popping the chamber to reveal a partially opaque round in there. The other man sounded rough and worn out - maybe as much as us. Those eyes flashed between each of us once more in turn - before doubling back on Tess.
\par "You're the offworld girl who was poking around the other day, yah?" 
\par He seemed to recognize her of a sudden, but she didn't bother answering him.
\par "Can you get this train moving?" Julian snapped him back to attention on him. He looked like a caricature of a war hero in that worn-out military jacket and three weapons draped around him. "You have clearance, right?"
\par "No, I don't-" he started to say, and cut off abruptly at the Eluvian raising his pistol to shoot. The other man's hands came flying up instead.
\par "Yes! I, uhhh ... I think I can!"
\par He snatched at a cord around his neck, fishing out some metal card that was buried under the collar of his uniform and holding it away from him for Julian to see. The Eluvian regarded it for a moment.
\par "We'll see about that. Come on."
\par I didn't really want to go back out there. Outside the safety of the reinforced compartment. Into the town again. Daylight was just breaking now, casting the horizon with a gray-blue shimmer that hung heavy on the ground below. I looked up and could see a planet hovering off in the distance - the atmospheric generators they used on colonies like this not having kicked in with full-on morning yet to hide it behind a curtain of artificial light and weather. It would have been beautiful to see ... 
\par ... If the dead-still town crowding beneath it wasn't sitting there so ominously waiting for us.
\par Julian kept that man who'd found us at arm's length with his firebolt pointed at the back of his head while we got out. He didn't say a thing after we did, just shoved the man along the tracks toward the front of the train and got us moving. For a few minutes, Tess didn't say anything either - just stared at the deathly quiet town and followed behind.
\par We didn't need Tess to get into the control car this time - not that she'd had much luck the night before. That man who'd found us - I thought he must be one of those security officers for the train Julian had talked about - hurried up with the keycard from around his neck, the Eluvian following him the whole way with his rifle low in one hand, pistol at the back of the other's head. He'd slung the stolen gun across a shoulder. I had my own pistol in one hand, the other clutched tight to the compressed stick on my hip. Tess's own cloned firebolt hung apathetically low at her side.
\par As soon as the officer touched the door to the control car, it opened. I guess that was surprising since he stopped, and let his card fall. He hadn't even gotten a chance to use it.
\par "Did you come out of there?" Julian asked, pushing the barrel of his pistol into the man's skull roughly. The other stumbled a step, then shook his head.
\par "I was hiding ..." his hand wafted back behind him toward some industrial equipment that they must have used to load the cars.
\par Julian moved around him, keeping the rifle on the other while sneaking a look inside the control car with his pistol ready. It'd been locked last night, otherwise I think we would have taken off in the dark.
\par "You first," Julian canted his head toward the open door, looking back at the security officer. The man wasn't that much older than Tess or me, and was sweating in the cool, morning air. I decided he must have seen enough of what went on last night to be afraid. I don't think it would have taken much.
\par Tess and I waited outside in the quiet while those two went inside. I held my gun like Lieutenant Boyce had taught me, eyes darting all over the dead townscape. Only little things moved, though, wind ruffling anything loose. But I stuck that pistol at every single one. Tess just kind of stood there staring at it still, and I almost couldn't blame her. I tried to think I could shoot that thing if I saw it coming, but they never let you see them coming. I'd learned that much since the ship. The only thing to do was run, and neither the gun nor broad daylight made me feel any better about standing still there in the open. Too bad I'd been running this whole time and I never got far enough away.
\par "Do you think they're all dead?"
\par I looked over at Tess. She'd opened her mouth, watching beside me with deadpan eyes. She looked beaten - cowed, even. Like an abused animal. I didn't have an answer for her because I didn't know.
\par In the back of my head, though, I did. And it was an obvious yes.
\par Julian's head popped back out, making me jump. Tess barely noticed.
\par "Get in here," he said in a low voice, and I scrambled up there with Tess close behind.
\par The place was a mess. Control panels and consoles dotted the bulkheads all around, dimly-lit and looking dead. There was blood on the ground, and it looked like it had come from someone climbing in or dragged out - it was hard to tell at first. I guessed it was the former when I saw the body on the floor that the security officer was crouched over.
\par Julian shut the door behind us and then the only light in there was that coming through the long, slender ports at the front. I could see the town out through them.
\par "I ... I think he's still alive," the officer was saying on knees, looking up tentatively to the Eluvian. 
\par Julian crossed the space between them and knelt down over to check the man's vitals. "Barely," was all he said, and moved on a moment later after giving him a good once-over. There were no marks on him like I would have thought. Just an old man looking like he'd been beaten. He had blood in his ears and nose so thick it looked black, and I wondered what could have done that. By now I expected people to just be cut apart.
\par "The engineer," was what the security officer said, a little in awe, before he started pawing at the man for another keycard. Then he leapt back to his feet excitedly. "I can get us out of here!"
\par Julian's pistol had never left him, and made itself pointedly known again as soon as the man made that sudden move. He came up short and had to wait for the Eluvian's grudging nod before he could scamper over toward the front controls. They flared to life at a swipe of that card and the man let out an anxious laugh in relief. He glanced back at us with a grin on his face like he'd just bought his life back from Julian. Glancing at the look on the Eluvian's face, though, it was hard to tell.
\par The panels all around us started to whir back to life, filling the room with light and humming. The half-dead engineer on the ground twitched, but that was the only sing of life out of him. A couple minutes later, and the whole train started moving, leaving that town full of dead people behind.\cf2\f1 
\par }
