{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Garamond;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\cf1\lang1033\f0\fs22 
\par "Evelyn."
\par I started breathing again.
\par "What?"
\par My eyes blinked over, startled back to life as sound rushed back in all at once, white noise faded, and the world came back. That Eluvian man was standing in front of me.
\par I must have spaced out ... or something. Everyone was suddenly somewhere different like I'd leapt forward in time. Julian was giving me a scrutinizing look.
\par "Weir," he continued. At first, I'd heard dad's voice. It changed to Julian's way too fast.
\par "That\i  is\i0  your name. Right?"
\par I looked over at Tess, slumped in one of the control chairs and staring at nothing. That security officer - Richter, was what the badge on his battered coat read - looked like he'd found an emergency medkit and was trying to figure out what was wrong with the comatose engineer on the floor. I hoped they could keep that train going without him because he pretty much looked like a corpse already. They'd managed to get the thing started and moving, at least. The rest of it was usually automated ... right?
\par "What?" I came back around to Julian again. I'd forgotten what he'd said.
\par "Evelyn Weir," he asked again with some tried patience. I stared at him for a few seconds without blinking or comprehending. He continued on slowly.
\par "If that's right, then \i this ... \i0 had you identified by name."
\par He held up that comm unit he'd taken from the dead man back at the bar who'd attacked Tess. I finally blinked, and shook my head at it. I realized he was keeping his voice lower than usual and his back to the others. I guess he was trying not to let them see it or hear him or something like that. Why?
\par Oh, right. Richter.
\par "They were after you, and someone knew exactly what planet you'd be on. You crashed here, didn't you?"
\par That sounded about right. Though the abrupt flash of memory cut at me like a knife, and I winced.
\par "We were ... I was attacked."
\par I managed to shrug it off, feeling just a little uncomfortable at that sudden attention with what sounded like more leading questions like he'd been on about back at the bar before we tried to leave. 
\par "The life pod took me here."
\par "Well this is old," he started in like he was just waiting for me to finish. Like he already knew the answer before he asked. "Older than your attack I'd guess, by at least a few weeks. Those two must have been waiting here in the main port all this time. For you, specifically," he added at the last.
\par "What ...?" I blinked up at him again. "How - how could they possibly know that?"
\par "You mean you don't know?" he countered, and threw me.
\par I looked back at him and I couldn't help cringing at the way he had been studying my every word and facial gesture, disecting me with those flint-like eyes. He didn't bother to answer me or clarify anything for my benefit. He just kept on studying my face for that reaction. I guess I must have looked confused.
\par Eventually, he clapped the comm shut, pocketed it, and turned away.
\par The town hovered on the horizon for a moment before being swallowed up by some gaping maw. It closed in all around us almost instantly, cutting off the morning light but for a perfectly circular hole in the end. Then that squeezed shut too.
\par We entered a tunnel. One that sealed off the outside world and sucked out all the atmosphere from around the train to the placid, accented tones of a female voice over the comms. I only paid it half a mind. We picked up speed once we were in vacuum, and the gentle lilting of before vanished. Gravitonic plating activated to compensate, and then there was nothing to let us know we were moving at all. Looking out the front port before it finished closing, though, made me want to vomit.
\par "What's wrong with him?" 
\par Julian had rounded back on Richter by the time I plopped myself down in one of the revolving control chairs. If I didn't concentrate too hard, I wouldn't feel the subtle sensations of sliding along at subsonic speeds.
\par The security officer shook his head quickly. "I'm not really, ah ... trained, for this sort of thing," he stammered out, swiping a shaky hand back through his sweaty, blond hair. Julian might not have had a gun pointed at him at the moment, but he still had three to the other man's none, with the pistol resting easy in one hand.
\par The Eluvian looked the engineer over again. I suppose he looked worse than before. The veins on his arms looked black as they poked out from his papery skin beneath a ripped and bloody shirt. I imagined he'd come running out of the town when that thing attacked, and tried to escape on the train by himself. The crew must have been staying the night while they loaded up. 
\par "You want to, uh, try?" Richter ventured with a tentative look, trying to hand over a portable medscanner. Julian met him with his usual hard-faced glare.
\par "He's dead, one way or another," was what Julian told him, tracing the air above those blackened veins with a fingertip. "Get rid of him. We should have tossed the body back before we left."
\par "But he might still be ..."
\par The other man started to protest, but he stopped at the sight of the pistol clapping down on the engineer's body.
\par "A-alright."
\par While they worked on getting that almost-corpse out of the control car, I studied Tess. She didn't notice, slouched over there and staring at the floor. I thought I should say something to her, but the right words wouldn't come to mind. Nothing would, really - all still jumbled about from the past few days and leaving me to wonder when they would finally settle. \i If\i0  they would ever settle. Tess had always been better than me at these sort of thing. I'd always figured she'd weather the outside system better than me when she finally got there. I guess I was wrong. Maybe. But I also didn't think getting attacked, hunted, and killed were supposed to happen this much out here. 
\par All I could really do was wish she'd never come out with us at all. I could wish she'd just stayed safe back home with Bertram instead of chasing off after dad and me.
\par I thought about that and those thoughts inevitably turned around to her headless body back in the room. I didn't want to think about it ever again, but it came screaming and stabbing at me out of the dark like those things back on the ship. She'd been dead in my arms.
\par I'd seen it. 
\par I'd \i felt\i0  it. 
\par But now she wasn't, and I couldn't begin to figure out why. I still didn't want to try. I wanted to chase it out as just a delusional nightmare, but I couldn't. Not for long, anyways. Something about it had felt way too real, way too ... fated. Like I could see the path leading up to it and there was no way it could have been any different. Like the threads of time were hovering just out of sight. It couldn't be different. But now it was.
\par Somehow, her sitting there now didn't feel so real.
\par As I watched, a funny thing happened, though. The more I focused on that thought - that she wasn't real, or things weren't supposed to be this way - the more I noticed something else. 
\par It was subtle at first. Console lights seeming to flicker out of turn. Hard, metal lines shifting an inch here, then there. The feel of the cabin vibrating - and not in the way it was from shooting through that tunnel. No ... it was like the very fibers of things were trying to stand apart from each other right there in front of me the longer and harder I stared at them.
\par A hand reached out to pluck at one of those oscillating threads of existence and it took me a minute to realize whose it was. Mine. I pulled back, but not before I noticed how it didn't pop out and tremble like everything else around me just then. It was almost see-through, like it belonged to some kind of ephemeral ghost. And I might have just stared in detached shock and horror at that forever had I not noticed everything else around me suddenly doubling and tripling and quadrupling with ghosts and shades of their own in hundreds and thousands of slightly differing pieces all stacked up on top of each other until anything and everything was buried in a rising cacophony of visual white noise and-
\par "ESTIMATED ARRIVAL TIME ..."
\par "FOUR-"
\par "THIR-"
\par "FIFTEEN MINUTES AND-"
\par "FIF-"
\par "TWEN-"
\par "FOR-"
\par "-TY-TWO-"
\par "-THREE-"
\par "-NINE-"
\par "-ONE-"
\par "SECONDS."
\par That robotic female voice chimed and thundered with a hundred different numbers and sounds from a thousand different directions. It hit me abruptly like the onset of gravity, and I felt myself hurtled back down into place. Everything settled around me again in an angry, violent rush.
\par And I did throw up then.\cf2\f1 
\par }
