{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil Garamond;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Garamond;}{\f2\fnil Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\cf1\lang1033\f0\fs22 
\par \f1 I couldn't get the taste out of my mouth. Colors, blood, and metal - not the acrid bile from my stomach. That washed away with the pungent swirl of material and immaterial things from all around me. I wasn't sure if it was taste at all ... but it was something more than seeing, hearing, or just feeling. It \i felt\i0  like tasting.
\par Tess was helping me up sometime later.
\par "You're gonna be okay. You're gonna be okay," she kept repeating in my ear like some kind of traumatized mantra. I think it was far more for her benefit than mine, which left me wondering how bad I looked to frighten her out of that stupor she'd been in.
\par Julian appeared in the control car door with Richter at gunpoint ahead of him, barely wavering and shimmering like ethereal ghosts. They were almost real and tangible again like before. More real than I could hope anything for anyways, just then. The Eluvian man looked like he'd come running, with rifle ready and poised like he'd expected some kind of attack. Richter just look flustered and nervous. Julian shoved him inside before sweeping the tiny cabin like some Dreggoran commando from some vid. When he was satisfied, he settled on us.
\par "What happened?"
\par "I don't know - she just ... just fell over!" Tess cried back at him.
\par She must have yelled, and I must have hit the deck. I still wasn't sure just what had happened myself, but my head only felt like it was swimming a little less than it was before. And it hurt from where I must have smacked the metal plating. 
\par "Tram sickness," Julian started to say as he got down in front of me, slinging his rifle again. I was still hovering precariously above the deck and he had to snatch my chin with one of his rough, old gloves to get me to look at him. And maybe he wasn't so sure about what had happened when he finally did, because he frowned at what he saw there.
\par "\i What\i0 ?" Tess grabbed at his arm angrily when he didn't bother to say anything else.
\par He glanced at her, briefly. Then back at me. He was staring at my eyes, and I got a good, sickeningly thorough look at his while I tried to swallow back bile and shivering parallels. I don't think I'd ever seen him so put off since we'd met him.
\par I think that scared me more than the actual thing. Cold fear crept in where a muted panic had tried to seize me before, and I had a hard time not letting my stomach burst again. Julian just let go and stood straight up. He gave each of us another quick look.
\par "\i What\i0 ?" Tess demanded again, her voice cracking.
\par Julian turned away, though - \i something\i0  swimming around inside his head. He didn't say anything more for a while.
\par I started to feel a little bit better after a couple more minutes, but I wasn't even sure if the whole episode was something that could pass by the time Tess started helping me back into a seat. Maybe I'd be stuck seeing between those lines of reality forever. Maybe. I tried not to think about it because it only made the urge to throw up ten times worse.
\par With nothing but the hum of the train as it sped along, things got quiet and awkward inside the cabin after that. I think that security officer felt the most so; he blended back into the background of the consoles and swiped at his sweaty brow. He'd gotten out of that town alive, which was a lot more than most of the people back there could say. Not that they could say anything anymore. But there was no guarantee that Julian would let him make it all the way to wherever we were going alive. He didn't have a good track record with anyone other than Tess and me.
\par "How many will they send to check the cargo when we get to port?"
\par I guess the two men had been thinking the same thing as me. Richter jumped at that sudden question from the Eluvian when he realized it was directed at him.
\par "Wh-what?" he managed, and swallowed thickly.
\par "How many?" Julian repeated. "And how well armed?"
\par The security officer just seemed confused by that. His mouth bobbed up and down a few times before Julian shifted the pistol back into his hand. That settled the other man, and he swallowed one more time.
\par "Eishaffen, you m-mean?" he stammered out, not quite meeting Julian's eyes. "I don't know - a foreman comes down and usually goes over the manifest with Frieder." His accent hadn't been as bad as most of the men back at the bar, but it got worse the more unnerved he got.
\par "Security?"
\par "You mean, uh, aside from us?" He shook his head. "I guess a couple guys ... just 'cause the public terminals can get a bit rough some days." He hesitated. "Why?"
\par "How long until we get there?" Julian pointed his pistol at the console behind the other man. Richter frowned, but caught his meaning. There must have been a readout on our status he could pull up because he turned around to take a look at it.
\par "I guess, ahhh ..."
\par He never got a chance to finish, though. Julian closed the space between them in the car before anyone knew what was happening, and cracked him over the skull hard enough to knock him out. Then he slumped down into the panel.\cf2\f2 
\par }
