{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Garamond;}}
{\colortbl ;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\cf1\lang1033\f0\fs22 
\par "WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU DOING?"
\par Julian had put the barrel of his pistol to the back of Richter's prone head when Tess suddenly shrieked at him. He hestitated long enough for her to get up and jump him from across the car - which was strange for him. And they started wrestling over that gun in his hand.
\par He won out pretty quickly.
\par "Don't you ... don't you \i fucking \i0 dare!" Tess spat out while he had her wrenched around and immobilized against the bulkhead with one arm. The other he had put back to the unconscious man's head.
\par "If the port authority finds out we were here and connects us to a butchered town, they'll never let us go," he argued back with her. "You do realize that, don't you?" The pistol sang as he prep'ed the round in the chamber. Lieutenant Boyce had taught me you didn't really need to do that if it'd already been loaded. It was mostly for the effect. And it had one.
\par Tess started struggling with his forearm against her chest like she was possessed, thrashing so wildly in his grasp that he had to hammer her back into the wall again to settle her down. She didn't. Not much.
\par "\i Stop\i0 ," she hissed through her teeth, wrestling with his grip, "stop ... fucking ... \i killing people\i0 !"
\par "You want me to just let him go?" Julian snapped at her like a parent scolding an unruly child.
\par She didn't answer him. Just kept struggling. Until her wild eyes found me.
\par "Ev!" she cried out desperately, clawing at the Eluvian's jacket with her fingers. "Don't let him do it!"
\par It might have been funny to watch her flail about like that, kicking out to reach him and looking like a helpless kid in that hold. Julian didn't laugh, but I did. I couldn't help it. But there was no humor in the sound, and it died instantly with the sharp, aghast look Tess threw back at me.
\par "He'll have the rest of his friends hunting us all over the planet once they realize what happened back there!" He shoved the pistol toward the closed viewport before putting it back to Richter's head, taking me in with an eye just in case I tried anything too.
\par "I don't care," she growled at him. "We didn't do anything wrong."
\par "Yes, we did," I said.
\par "It won't matter," Julian seethed at her, getting in close. "They'll make sure everyone thinks you did. It'll be easier that way."
\par "No they won't!"
\par "Sorry, Theresa," was all he said to that. And, for some reason, he almost sounded sincere about it too. But that didn't stop him from looking back at Richter to shoot.
\par One of Tess' hands slipped into her coat and she swiped at Julian the second he wasn't looking. The sleeve of his coat ripped open and he shoved her away into the far bulkhead reflexivly. Blood welled up beneath the leather, and Julian stared at the pink-haired woman.
\par There was a knife on the deck. Tess twisted over and snatched it up before rounding back on the Eluvian, looking wild and furious. It was an unnervingly big shard of steel, like the kind you saw soldiers wear. I wondered where the hell she had gotten it from before Julian opened his mouth.
\par "You stole that from me," he said as she climbed warily back to his feet, eyes fixed on the man like a cornered beast the whole time. It was as accusatory as it was astonished. Then his demeanor turned dark. "Give it back." He held out a hand.
\par "Let him go."
\par He started to say something, but glanced back at the console Richter had collapsed on before pushing a few buttons. Then he looked at us.
\par The pistol went off.
\par Tess leapt at him with a shriek of fury, and I was pretty sure she'd slice him open with that knife even though I'd never seen her really hurt someone before in her life. Those cheery green eyes had melted into mad fury. But Julian was ready for her charge. He disarmed and tossed her back down into the deck all in one smooth motion.
\par I stared at the man, feeling a little shock bleed through. Enough to freeze me in place while Tess struggled to pull herself back up from the ground. He didn't bother to look at me, but I flinched anyways as he pulled that gun away from the other man's head.
\par And I flinched again when he pointed it at me.
\par I threw my hands across my face and ducked aside just as the console behnid me blew up. Just in time to realize that he could have killed me had he meant to. The shot was wide, and he wouldn't have missed. As soon as he was done with Richter, Julian started shooting out all the consoles. The room had lit up with a bright flash of exploding electronics and fiery sparks. They rained down from the ceiling and the surrounding bulkheads. 
\par "Better hold on to something."
\par There was a loud groan then, followed by a sudden feeling of weightlessness. For a moment, everything around me that I couldn't see seemed to drift. I looked up from between my elbows and saw Julian grab hold of one of the revolving seats in one hand, Tess with the other. She tried to wrench herself away, but he didn't let her.
\par I didn't take his advice. Not in time, anyways.
\par The viewport behind us squealed open. Then it was like the weight of the entire train hit me full force. It picked me right up out of the seat and threw me back at that opening glass.
\par }
