{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Garamond;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\cf1\lang1033\f0\fs22 
\par "Reports from the first DCS units on the scene indicate that-"
\par "-slaughter unprecedented thus far in the Perennium Crises-"
\par "-The train was identified and linked to the massacre as in route for shipment just prior to the unfortunate events of-"
\par "-we have here what appears to be, ahhh ... \i human\i0  remains ... perhaps, ahhh, from one of the-"
\par "-Sergeant First Class Brom Leichtner with us here, one of the first troops on the scene. Sergeant, can you give us your-"
\par "-will \i not\i0  go unanswered, will \i not\i0  go unpunished-"
\par "-DFB puts the total casualties at over two hundred civilians, including at least a dozen security officers under corporate contract to-"
\par "-any relation to the recent locomotive malfunction in downtown-"
\par "-several unidentified persons seen here, \i fleeing \i0 the scene as local officials-"
\par It settled back on a pulled-out survey of bodies being pulled out of one of the buildings. News broadcasts had been covering the whole place since they discovered it early yesterday. And I watched as a man and woman onscreen droned on about that "brutal pirate attack" out in Shtess. No reported survivors.
\par Tess sat beside me on the bed, head in her hands. She'd only woken up an hour ago. Now, one unintentional look at the screen and those disfigured corpses forced her into a half-stumbling rush for the tiny bathroom. I heard her puking her guts out miserably in there for the next few minutes while I continued watching the feed. It wasn't like there was much else to do.
\par It'd taken them three days to figure out what happened there. Three days before all the channels started exploding with a flavored blend of desperation, anger, and misleadingly calm reactions to what they found in that backward mining town. There were so many news feeds, so many more than I'd ever seen back home. I guess we just never needed that many out in space.
\par There were horror stories. Loved ones crying. Friends and family. Revenge was a common theme. Almost every military official - and there were a lot of them - spoke in gruff, controlled overtones of hunting down those responsible. It proved Julian right, I think, when he warned us about them not letting us go if they ever found out we had anything to do with it. Sometimes I wondered if they shouldn't just do that.
\par When she finally dragged herself back out, Tess turned off the screen while pointedly refusing to look at it. She looked like death with those bloodshot-eyes and sickly-pale, sweaty skin. I flicked it back on without saying a word. 
\par "Come on, Ev," she whined forlornly after just sitting there with only herself for company for a while. "Turn it off ..."
\par I kept watching without really hearing her. Or listening. We'd been stuck there for almost five days since we crashed into port. Time lost some meaning after everything that'd happened already. I just surfed the channels looking for coverage of the victims. For some reason, I couldn't get enough of making myself sick over watching them.
\par Tess groaned loudly next to me and hunched over, running her grimy hands up through her pink hair. She hadn't bothered to clean up since sitting in the shower a couple of days ago with all her clothes and shoes still on for at least an hour. I'd found her like that, staring off into the wall long after the water had gone cold and all but shut off. They had that stuff rationed around here. She was still rank and stale.
\par I just kept watching the news and, eventually, she snapped at me.
\par "Ev!"
\par "What."
\par I didn't look at her until she turned off the screen again.
\par "What are we gonna do?" she demanded irritably, flipping her hand. Like it was my job to come up with something. Or either of us should have had any better idea after days of just waiting around. I thought that's what Julian was for.
\par Again, I shook my head and shrugged. 
\par I switched the screen back on.
\par And I must have pissed her off, because she picked up some little carving of a warship and threw the thing right at it. The display was entirely holographic, though, and just warped around as it passed. The ship bounced off the wall and burst into pieces. One smacked me in the face, the others scattered around the room.
\par I didn't look at her. I just felt tears start to well up behind my eyes as I cupped the place where the thing bounced off my cheekbone.
\par "Can I ask you something?" I mumbled at her then. The sound of my own voice was tinny, and pathetic, in that tiny space. It was a one-room apartment, dark and sparsely furnished except for some clothes thrown haphazardly about in places. And it made me really sad and homesick all of a sudden.
\par Tess softened so abruptly when I looked at her that her answer was almost dramatic by comparison. "Sure," she said, and I could suddenly see right through her entirely.
\par I looked at her. Only the once, and briefly. But it was enough to lose my nerve.
\par "Forget it."
\par I just shook my head again instead, swallowed what I could of those tears, got up and locked myself in the bathroom. \cf2\f1 
\par }
