{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Garamond;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\cf1\lang1033\f0\fs22 
\par I stumbled toward the sink, feeling the hard lines of the room reverberate around me. It felt like being drugged, watching them twitch and shake like they were alive. Like some spacer tripped out on dust or PLC. Like I'd hit the boundary inside my head and there was nowhere else to go beyond it out there. I wondered if that's what it felt like to go insane.
\par "What's wrong with you?" were the words that tumbled out off my tongue over my teeth into the sink. Like my mouth was full of them and I had no control to keep them in. I blinked at that girl in the mirror with her dilated eyes, blood-striken and focus-less. And I shook my head from side to side, trying to swipe the shaking image reflected back at me away with a hand to the glass. It stayed there, though, still looking back.
\par Those bodies they showed on the vid broadcast kept coming back to me. The ones at the bar kept coming back to me. I hadn't know those people, like I hadn't known the ones on the ship. But there was something about the way they had been there and alive one minute - dead and butchered the next. It made me feel like the ground was opening up right underneath me with a yawning chasm of not-so-empty black. If I thought about it too long. 
\par "What's wrong with you?"
\par I looked up at the sound of my voice. I still had a hand pressed to the mirror, leaning over the utilitarian sink. The rest of the bathroom was sparse and spartan too. Nothing to waste that tiny space. But it still felt like it was closing in to strangle me all around.
\par That girl was looking at me through the mirror. She had her hand pressed to the mirror so I could almost feel it. Except her other hand was on the glass too.
\par "What ..."
\par I froze. 
\par A chill ran down my spine and washed all the blood away to ice around.
\par I couldn't move. Not at first. For some reason, I thought nothing could happen to me if she didn't see me move. She wouldn't move too, right? But she just stared at me with that same, horrified expression.
\par I slowly put my other hand up to match hers. 
\par That fixed it.
\par "What's wrong with you?" we both said in unison.
\par I looked closer, and so did she. It was delayed, though. Like an echo. Like she was just imitating me. There was something artificial about it and I felt the emptiness all around me again pressing in to swallow me whole. The room went cold.
\par I realized I couldn't hear anything else. The sounds of Tess and the broadcast in the other room were gone. Maybe she had finally turned it off. That \i had\i0  to be it. 
\par Maybe. 
\par But the roar of white noise and that soft-steady dripping from the faucet in the shower stall behind was deafening.
\par Something moved inside the mirror.
\par The breath caught in my throat as I snapped back a step. She didn't. She stayed - \i right\i0  - \i there\i0 .
\par The mirror rippled like water where my hand had been, stretching away in lazy waves like a pool of thick liquid. I watched it, and she did too - but that was all she did to copy me.
\par "Wh-who are you?"
\par That voice slipped out of my throat in a small, thin sound. Brittle, and terrified. She looked at me, and we blinked out of turn.
\par Then that other woman inside the mirror shimmered like digital feedback. Or maybe I did, it was hard to tell. But there was a shriek of garbled sound to go with it, filling my head like a gunshot just inside my brain. I collapsed forward into the sink with the force of it, gasping out loud. She didn't. She was standing there watching me when I stood back up.
\par And there was someone else in the room with her when I finally did.
\par She didn't see it - crouched in the dark of the shower stall. The low light barely touched it - just enough for a glimpse of black skin and an elongated, crooked limb poking out. Spider-like fingers twitched there, reaching out of the shadows. And the lights on her side flickered.
\par I knew what that thing was.
\par She didn't see, though, and I didn't tell her. I just whipped back around toward my own bathroom behind where that thing was standing.
\par But I didn't see anything there.
\par It was dark. I caught my breath, frozen in place with my eyes all over that shadowed space. I couldn't see anything inside the shower stall like I'd seen in \i hers\i0  ... but I couldn't make myself move to check for sure either. So I stood there, unable to move for the longest second of my entire life.
\par My lights flickered then too.
\par The sink slammed hard into my back as I jumped backwards. I fumbled around it, hit the wall, and squeezed my body so tight against it I was sure I'd push through to the other side. I wanted to. I wanted to so badly.
\par Nothing moved, and I stood there pulled haphazardly back as far as I could go, still staring at the shower. The dripping had changed tune. I don't know when it had done that, but it wasn't the hollow sound of water drops hitting the floor inside. It sounded like it was hitting something much, \i much\i0  closer to the faucet.
\par "T-Tess ..." I tried to call out, but the sound caught in my throat and didn't make it.
\par It was all I could do to keep myself from falling over. I risked a look over toward the closed door.
\par "Tess ...?" I managed to say it aloud this time, but it was barely more than a shrill squeak. She couldn't have heard me. Instead the sound just bounced around the empty bathroom.
\par That dripping stopped.
\par My legs started working again in a rush. Long enough to get me to the door and remember that I'd locked it when I slammed right into the metal. I shrieked something unintelligible at the panel, but that didn't help. My fingers hitting the unlock button finally did. And then I was flying out the door back into the apartment in a rush with Tess leaping to her feet.
\par "What!" she snapped at me in surprise.
\par I didn't answer her, though. I just spun around and pounded the door lock again.
\par I never got to look in the mirror again to see what had happened to that other me. I don't know if I could have.\cf2\f1 
\par }
