{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil Garamond;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Garamond;}{\f2\fnil Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\cf1\lang1033\f0\fs22 
\par \f1 When I woke up again, it was to the sound of voices in my head. They were muffled and indistinct and I wasn't sure who was talking.
\par The bathroom floor had creased my cheek and made the bone sore. I slowly pushed myself back up, groggy and lightheaded and blinking around in the dark in confusion. I couldn't remember falling asleep.
\par "Look at this."
\par "Central, this is p-eighty-seven in section four-eight-seven, residence number one-one-eight."
\par "How many did they say those field agents from IID brought in?"
\par "Two. One male, one female."
\par "The male - security officer, yeah? Local?"
\par "And the girl was an off-worlder. Sectarian, maybe."
\par "P-eighty-seven, this is central. Go ahead, please."
\par I realized with a start that those voices were coming from outside the bathroom. I certainly didn't recognize them, and they sounded like more of those agents from before. I froze there in the dark.
\par "Central, we have arrived at the scene of the arrest and are to begin our investigation. Be advised."
\par "P-seventeen, you are clear to procede."
\par "Acknowledged."
\par Whatever comm unit they were using suddenly switched off. The pieces clicked into place in my mind as it rapidly came back up to full swing with the nervous adrenaline surging through my system. I'd done nothing before. I could do something \i now\i0 .
\par "What?"
\par "They found four on the recovered security footage, yeah?"
\par "That was the report."
\par I'd closed the bathroom door some of the way at some point. They couldn't see me in the dark. I caught a glimpse of one of them moving past the opening in the sliding door and my heart skipped a beat. Mine and Tess' pistols were on the floor beside me.
\par "Two in custody, two at large ... the briefing said nothing was touched prior to investigation."
\par "So it did."
\par "No one returned to the scene before us, either."
\par "None of ours."
\par "Someone did."
\par One of them was pointing at the floor. There was the faintest imprint of soggy footprints there, mostly dried up now. They followed them around the room, tracing my frantic search from earlier through mine and Tess' stuff and anything Richter had left lying around.
\par "Central will need a DNA fingerprint sweep and-"
\par The one who was speaking looked up abruptly and noticed me standing in the bathroom door with a gun in either hand. He stopped short in a half-crouch, studying the floor. The other one twisted around in surprise.
\par We stood there for a few seconds, none of us doing anything. My eyes were still red and puffy from earlier, hair a half-dried, half-soaked mess, and I looked pretty beat up despite the new coat. I had my teeth clenched and, for a while, I just looked to either one of them, hands trembling and teeth bared.
\par One of them started to reach for his weapon.
\par "DON'T," I shrieked at him, jabbing a gun out his way, "move." The other turned so he was facing me at a sideways angle, very slowly. I glanced that way and made sure he remembered I had gun pointed at him too.
\par "Now," I began again, my voice quaking just that little bit that I couldn't help. My whole body was. I couldn't shake the cold that had settled in there. "You're going to tell me where they took Tess." I looked at one, then the other. "And you're going to tell me \i now\i0 ."
\par These two weren't dressed like the ones who'd come by earlier. They didn't have that same heavy body armor for protection, just light coats over plain black uniforms with scrolls and ribbons and that sort of thing. They reminded me more of the Watchmen back home than those other two had. They had the same look in there eye just then, but with a bit more edge. I \i was\i0  pointing guns at them.
\par "Drop the weapons," the one on my left said, holding out a hand and putting as much authority into his Dreggoran accent as he could. I didn't like the look in his eyes or the way he was looking at me. "I will not tell you twice."
\par "You just listen to me and tell me where you took them, got it?"
\par "She's not going to do anything," the one on the right snapped, and tugged on the badge at his collar. "P-eighty-seven to central, we've got-"
\par "Stop it!"
\par "a third suspect in custody and-"
\par "NOW!"
\par "-she's armed. Will apprehend and detain for-"
\par I stuck the gun out and a firebolt had ripped through that officer's coat before he could finish what he was saying. He grunted into the comm instead, head tipped downward. He rasped for a few seconds, staggering back a step. Molten flesh slipped away inside his chest, and his lung was bleeding out. He looked up at me, and fell over.
\par The other one had drawn his gun almost before the shot had finished punching through his friend. He got it all the way out, pointed at my head. I hesitated for a fraction of a second until his finger touched the trigger. Then another bolt of liquid fire was slipping through his chest too.
\par A third shot rang out as that second officer's arm twitched reflexively aside. The air beside my head exploded, and threw me toward the ground. Everything on that side of me went silent.
\par My ear throbbed, ringing low and drowning almost everything else out. I clutched at it, shaking down on my knees. I tried to look up, and I saw those two men on the ground. They weren't moving anymore. Both of their badges had lit up red and were flashing. I climbed to my feet.
\par I looked around, gritting my teeth against that pain in the side of my head, until I found Tess' pack and mine. I stumbled over to them in a fog, and managed to get both onto my back without really realizing what I was doing. I stopped when I came back around, seeing those two again. They were dead, the thought suddenly hit me like I'd walked straight into a wall. I'd killed them.
\par I murdered those men.
\par I'd dropped the guns. I looked at them, but I didn't want to touch them again. My hands felt dirty, and so did they. It didn't last long, though. I wasn't stupid enough to think I could just leave them there. I wasn't sure what I was doing, but I knew I had to go. I couldn't stay here anymore.
\par I grabbed the two pistols again and slipped one through trembling fingers into my coat pocket. The other I dropped into Tess' bag.
\par The ringing had almost stopped by the time I got back out into the hallway. Enough to realize that it wasn't just inside my head. Klaxons were blaring outside the room, the walls throbbing a dull red like blood. It reminded me of being back on the transport ship as I stumbled down the corridor. I didn't think that was a good sign.
\par The one working lift was in use again, though. It was coming up. 
\par I didn't bother waiting. I just skirted past toward to open the door to the stairwell again. Or tried to. It wouldn't budge.
\par I glanced up at the sirens going off all around and realized they must have locked the place down somehow. I was trapped.
\par The lift opened, and the next thing to come trudging through that murder-prone haze into my brain was the thought that it wasn't just someone else from the building coming up. I spun around with my back to the stairwell door and watched as two more police officers charged out, firebolts low and ready. Another two and then another two came pouring out right after, sweeping the hallways up toward Richter's apartment and barking orders to each other in harsh Dreggoran accents. One of them looked my way and pointed his gun at me.
\par "Halt!"
\par I froze. More for that gun suddenly staring me down than him. I knew what it could do to me. The others moved on, but he lingered and so did his partner.
\par "Show me your hands," he snapped at me, waving the barrel. "And get down on your knees. Now!"
\par I just stared at him, dumbly. I panicked inside. There was suddenly nowhere to go and no one to help save Tess. The wall and the locked door behind me felt like they were forcing me into that barrel of molten death.
\par He must have gotten impatient, because he stomped up and punched me right in the stomach. I hadn't moved yet. Now, everything shot out of my lungs and I plummeted to hands and knees. He got right in my ear.
\par "Name and personal ID code," he demanded, hovering beside my head. "\i Name\i0 , and \i code\i0 ," he repeated when I just sat there choking for breath.
\par Eventually, he snatched me up by my hair.
\par "You just earned yourself a ride to central, civ," he sneered at me with his teeth. He reeled back with his fist for my face. I saw it coming long before it did, though. I couldn't move my head out of the way. So I moved him.
\par The side of my hand cut the windpipe in his throat off almost without me thinking. Reflex, and adrenaline. It set him to gasping soundlessly, and I felt the fingers come away from my hair. He half-stumbled, half-lunged at me instead. I dropped him with a belated elbow on the back of his head.
\par "Shit!"
\par The other one wheeeled around when he heard his friend go down. His gun went off and I felt blinding pain for a flash of eternity. I could almost see the blow that lit up all my nerves and slammed me back into the wall. My eyes tried to bug out of my head. Then it was suddenly over, and I wasn't dead. Somehow, my pistol was in hand and up, pointed at him. It took him right off his feet.
\par I looked down. Blood was leaking out my side and there was a charred hole in the black coat. I slumped all the way into the wall as I brought that hand up, covered in blood. I put it back, clutching at my side to keep the rest of it in. It doubled me over, clawing against the stairwell door to stay up.
\par The first officer was moving on the floor. Tears filled my eyes and I shot him without thinking. Both his and the other one's badges were flashing like the two back in the apartment.
\par I heard voices up the corridor, shouting. I looked down again, and I think I was dying. It felt like it. My head got light and dizzy, making it hard to think. I realized I'd been falling slowly to the floor and I was already back down to my knees again. I choked out a sob and a firebolt exploded into the metal near my shoulder. I didn't even see where it came from.
\par That pain in my side stabbed at me vengefully, and I screamed.
\par Something erupted. It came up from inside me. Not another firebolt. Not my blood spilling out.
\par No.
\par Something filled me up and burst out into the hallway. It drowned it in twilight and gray and soundless howling.
\par The lines of the world around me shook. And then everything went blind and deaf.\cf2\f2 
\par }
