{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil Garamond;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Garamond;}{\f2\fnil Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\cf1\lang1033\f0\fs22 
\par \f1 I was lying face-flat on the floor when everything finally settled again. Ghostly light dimmed down from blinding fog and sound came rushing back in. I had a splitting headache and I threw up to one side.
\par No one shot at me. I couldn't bring myself to look up at first -- I just lay there, flopping and gaping like all the oxygen had been sucked right out of the corridor. The veins on my neck and head popped out. I could feel them pulsing. I forced my head up because I had to.
\par The hall was empty. 
\par No police. No sirens. No dead bodies, or gunfire.
\par I was alone.
\par It took me a while to pick the rest of me back up. My mind was reeling still. I would have laughed out loud if I'd had any breath left and my lungs were working right. I was pretty sure I was dead, and this was something else. Some little insane dream hatched inside my dying mind. I felt a stabbing pain in my side that was all too real, though.
\par Eventually, I did pick myself back up. Wincing. I needed help. I was either dying or dead already. Either way, I had to get out, to get ... somewhere else. Tess still needed me too. I couldn't stay here any more.
\par I stumbled in a fugue along the corridor, one hand to the wall while the other held in my insides from spilling out. I reached the lift, but voices were suddenly calling to me. I squinted up the hall and saw an open apartment door. They were coming from there. Richter's apartment, came the unbidden thought inside my head. I didn't care. My eyes blinked, and the washed out murmuring became audible again.
\par "Central, this is p-eighty-seven in section four-eight-seven, residence number one-one-eight..."
\par I veered into the wall, smearing some blood on it. I slid toward the open door. It was hard to make my legs work right, and each step brought a lance of pain up to my ribs.
\par "How many did they say those field agents from IID brought in?"
\par "Two. One male, one female."
\par "The male - security officer, yeah? Local?"
\par "And the girl was an off-worlder. Sectarian, maybe."
\par "P-eighty-seven, this is central. Go ahead, please."
\par I recognized those voices. The breath still stuck inside my throat, and I had to swallow hard. But I recognized them. They were supposed to be dead.
\par "Central, we have arrived at the scene of the arrest and are to begin our investigation. Be advised ..."
\par I couldn't help myself. It was like looking inside a dream from the other side. I peeked around the door into the room and ... 
\par ... There they were. Those two officers I'd shot and murdered. Just ... \i walking\i0  around.
\par "They found four on the recovered security footage, yeah?"
\par "That was the report."
\par "No sign of the other two so far, yeah?"
\par "Central will need a DNA fingerprint sweep and a full report."
\par "Right ..."
\par My mouth hung open for a few seconds without me realizing it. The bleeding in my side brought me back. I looked at the floor where they'd seen my soaking footprints before and there was nothing. I saw my pack still lying in the corner.
\par It was like I hadn't even been there.
\par The bathroom door was wide open. For a moment, I had the creeping sensation of being watched. It swallowed me whole and so did a terror over what I might find in there now. I could almost feel it. Hiding.
\par "Check the bathroom," one of the officers said. I pulled back and started limping my way down the hall.
\par Someone screamed as I got into the lift. I heard it echo down the corridor behind me. The dull, crackling sound of gunshots came next. Then ... nothing.
\par The hallway was silent for a few seconds while I slumped against the back wall of the lift and just watched. Then I saw the shadows playing out from inside Richter's apartment through the still open door. I managed to throw a hand at the button on the lift controls, and the doors slid shut before I could see anything else.
\par Those klaxons were back. The lights dropped down to a dim, otherwordly red inside the lift. It throbbed, and I slid down the wall, still holding my gaping wound with a blood-soaked hand.
\par It was a long way down.
\par No one was in the rundown lobby. Sirens blared all around. I stumbled my way toward the main doors and tugged at them.
\par Nothing.
\par The doors were locked down like before. I hadn't been fast enough this time. I glanced down at my bloody hand and wondered if I'd survive long enough for those other officers to even show up and kill me. I tried not to break down right there at the doors, but I was just so tired. I sat down on the floor. 
\par A few seconds later, I heard something behind me.
\par I thought it was the police. I turned back around on my hands and knees, but they weren't here yet. No one was here. But a door was swinging slowly open. It was the one with my bloody handprint on it.
\par That feeling of being watched was back. Or stronger. I don't think it ever really left. Now I could feel it pressing in all around me like an unseen force, squeezing on the fabric of reality. Something about it terrified me in a way I couldn't even begin to understand.
\par I wasn't in a position to think or wonder or ask questions, though. That door stopped moving and just hung there for a few more seconds. I could hear sirens outside, echoing down the open street through the downpour that was still drowning the city. I climbed back to my feet and stumbled through it as it started to swing shut.
\par More police showed up. A lot more. Only half a dozen officers headed for the lift, the rest spreading out around the lobby or staying with their groundcars outside. I'd found a little spot in the dark behind the building next door and hid there, watching. I thought about trying to fight or sneak my way into one of those vehicles to find Tess and Richter, but could've almost laughed instead. It was easier just to slump down beside the building, letting it hold me up.
\par I had soaked through more, but it was hard to care. I looked at that huge hole in me again, but I wasn't a doctor. Things blurred in the rain and tears and dark, and the sounds of the police died out somewhere else beyond me.
\par I thought I saw something moving in the alley space between this building and the next, but it was hard to tell. My eyes got heavy and eventually just closed again for good.\cf2\f2 
\par }
