{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil Garamond;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Garamond;}{\f2\fnil Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\cf1\lang1033\f0\fs22 
\par \f1 Things were different when I woke up again. I hadn't expect to, so that was the first thing that surprised me. The next was that I was lying on top of something hard that had bruised all the bones and muscles down my back. And someone was holding me down.
\par "Evelyn, wake up."
\par There was shaking and slapping on my face. The pain in my side aching back to life like it had just been waiting for me to regain consciousness. Cold air and damp clothes. I gasped, blinking every which way at once.
\par "I need you to tell me what happened."
\par Eventually, I fixed on that man standing over me.
\par "They got a hold of you, didn't they?" he demanded. "Theresa? The security guard?"
\par I blinked at him again, things coming back into focus. And I realized who it was that was standing there, holding me down and slapping me in the face.
\par "Julian?"
\par "Did the Dreggoran turn you in?" he spoke right over me.
\par "What-" I looked down toward that hole in my side. "What did you do to me?"
\par It hurt like hell where that police officer had shot me through and my blood-encrusted hands hovered, trembling, over the spot. I was afraid to touch it.
\par "I'm out of stimulants thanks to you," he said, "so you're lucky you're still breathing at all. Now, look at me." He grabbed me by both my arms and got in my face. "Did he turn you two in?"
\par "What? Who?"
\par "The guard we picked up leaving Shtess," he explained impatiently. "Did he give you up, or did they track you all down?"
\par "He, uh," I shook my head, still spinning and overwhelmed with that hole burning in me. "I don't know. I don't think so."
\par "They probably know what we look like then. Or will soon."
\par "Is that how they found us ...?" I frowned, blinking around again. It was hard to make sense of everything it had all changed so fast. "No, wait," I breathed out in a rush. Too much was coming back all at once. "They came looking for Richter ..."
\par My face was wet. I was sweating beneath the rain that had soaked my hair and skin. I felt light-headed and weak and it was hard to grasp coherent thoughts inside my head. If I hadn't been lying down, I might have collapsed all over again. But Julian wasn't paying much attention to any of that.
\par "Then I might have some time," he said, thinking. He glanced at me again, lying on what I realized was a table, and corrected himself. "\i We\i0  might have some time."
\par "For Tess?" I hoped he didn't mean I was already too late.
\par He didn't answer me, though. Not right away. He stared off for a second or two before looking down at my wound and the rest of me. We were in some kind of old, abandoned room. The furniture was dusty, unkempt, and mostly broken. It looked like he'd been surviving down there on whatever rations he'd had left from his own supplies. Somehow, he'd bathed, but not very well. It made me think of a rat.
\par "Listen to me, Evelyn." He got close and severe once more. "The whole city is going into lockdown over those police murders back at the building where I found you."
\par "Lockdown?" I repeated in a strained whisper. It didn't click for a second, but I figured out he meant the ones that I had killed in Richter's apartment. "They wouldn't shut down-" I winced and gasped as I pulled back to see the bloody cloth wrapped around that hole in my side "-an entire city for that? Would they?"
\par He nodded. "And I won't be getting out of here once it does, so I'm going now."
\par "Now?" I gasped out. I was repeating him like some kind of brainless echo. "\i How\i0 ? What about us?" I managed. "What about - what about Tess?"
\par "If they took her in, then we can't help her now." He shook his head. How quickly it came and the way he said it hit me harder than that firebolt ever could have. It made me forget all about it.
\par "And if you ever want to get off this moon, you'll have to come with me," he said. Now."
\par But the thought of leaving Tess behind was the only thing in my head from all that. I grabbed at his arm and started pleading.
\par "No, you have to help me get her back," I begged, tugging him down. "You can't just \i leave\i0  her here ..."
\par "Did you hear what I just said?" he growled, taking my hand and removing it from his arm. "There's nothing we can do for her now. We'll barely be able to do anything for ourselves pretty soon."
\par "Please, I can't ... I can't just leave her!" I grabbed at him again.
\par "Evelyn, it doesn't matter, she's-"
\par He stopped, and pushed my hands away. Those flint-like eyes were heavy on me for a few moments before he finally sighed.
\par "We don't have time for this."
\par I just shook my head helplessly at him. "She told me you could help ..." I didn't know what else to say.
\par "She was wrong. Come with me now, or don't," he warned me. "But you won't get off this moon without me if you don't do it now. They will lock it down and find you just like they did her."
\par I stared at him. I did it for a long time. Because I felt my world shattering around me with that single thought in my head. Leaving Tess behind. She'd told me to get help. She'd \i told\i0  me ... She was counting on me to help her, and she had nobody else. I wondered if she realized back then how quickly he would give her up and leave her behind. I think it all made sense to me. I could see the signs, but I still wouldn't have believed. I almost couldn't when he was saying it right to my face.
\par I stared at him for so long without saying anything that he started to turn away. That was what did it. That was what finally broke me inside.
\par "... \i Wait\i0 !"
\par He stopped, and looked back.
\par "Don't ... don't leave me here," I begged. I suddenly wasn't above that at the sight of him walking out of there for good and leaving me behind. I wasn't above begging. And I \i hated\i0  myself for it.
\par "Please don't," I whispered.
\par And he didn't.\cf2\f2 
\par }
