{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil Garamond;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Garamond;}{\f2\fnil Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\cf1\lang1033\f0\fs22 
\par \f1 "Keep low, and stay quiet."
\par Julian looked me in the eyes. He had to wave a hand in front of my face to do it. And I didn't linger long before blinking back away. I really didn't like what I saw there right now.
\par Desperation. Determination. But that didn't have to include me.
\par I was thinking about back at Shtess, the way he had guided us out of that nightmare by the hand. Tess' hand. He'd seemed so capable back then, like he could have protected us from anything. He had. I'd trusted him, and so had Tess. Then I thought about how he'd wanted to execute Richter on the train and abandoned us when we refused to just leave him. When \i Tess\i0  wouldn't just leave him.
\par I belonged with him, I thought. Right here, right now. We were both selfish and terrible, saving ourselves while better people who would have \i done\i0  something got left behind to die. Tess would have done something for me. She would have found a way, or died trying. She wouldn't have given up on me. Ever.
\par I saw Julian in a whole new way now. The same way I saw myself. He wasn't so strong anymore. He wasn't our protector. I don't know why we ever let ourselves think that he was. It wasn't like he had come down there to save us in the first place.
\par He wasn't our guardian, and he wasn't good. Neither of us were. The difference was that he'd never really pretended to be.
\par "Hey," he hissed and all but slapped my face to bring me back. "Are you going to make it?"
\par I stared at him for a second. I wanted to accuse him of being as ready to abandon me as he had Tess. I wanted to, but I didn't. I was too afraid that he actually would.
\par I managed to nod.
\par He twisted back around and crept ahead along the side of the wall with his rifle. I don't think he meant to kill anyone, but he wouldn't have hesitated either. I knew that. There was an electronic door ahead of us.
\par They'd begun locking down the port, which we'd found that out pretty quickly when we got there. The guard detail wasn't too heavy yet, and most of them had been busy keeping people out. The rain helped. It hadn't stopped raining all night.
\par Things were shutting down fast, just like Julian had said they would. We'd seen roadblocks going up along the way, police officers moving back and forth all over - mostly between the port and Richter's apartment. Julian said they were worried about a breakout incident escaping the city up to the orbital station before they could contain it. They were looking for their fugitives from the train and we had to sneak our way across the city. All this because of what I did back at the apartment. I'd murdered those two officers, and two more before I'd changed things. I don't know how I'd done it, but I had. Somehow. And I had heard those screams as I left. Even if everything was different now, the important details were still the same. Tess and Richter were gone, I was alone, and those men had been murdered. I hadn't shot them but I'd changed things, and I knew they'd found the same thing hiding in the bathroom that I had when I looked in the mirror that day.
\par I could have wondered how, but it didn't matter anymore. I was either leaving or dying and that thing would be someone else's problem now.
\par Just like Tess.
\par While Julian was busy trying to open the lock on the door controls, I felt something creeping up on us. The rain drowned out sound with its roar, and there were no security guards in sight down here at the maintenance exit. But I still felt something. The soaked hairs on the back of my neck stirred, and I felt ice pour down along my spine. I looked around, but there was nothing to see.
\par "Julian ..."
\par The air got thick with something other than the rain. I felt it like a thundering pressure everywhere all around at once, a soundless roar that built up until it drowned out even the storm. It pushed in hard until it burst. Then it was just ... gone.
\par I heard the door open of a sudden, and looked that way. Julian squatted back, surprise chiseled into his bluff face. He didn't say anything for a few seconds. Then he just looked at me.
\par "Let's go."
\par We snuck into the lower levels of the port building complex. That feeling of being watched had come back, but I didn't say anything to Julian about it. What \i could\i0  I say? And he hadn't bothered to ask. I wanted to talk to someone about everything that had happened from all the way back to Richter's apartment, but I couldn't talk to him. Not Julian. I wanted to talk to Tess. But I'd turned my back on doing that now for good.
\par My side hurt, but I tried not to touch it. I just kept a hand there to keep anything else from touching it, and it left me feeling weak and exhausted. I'm not sure how I kept up with Julian, but I did. The gray-slated walls gave way to white marble through a blur of dark halls and stairwells with low, secondary lighting. I guess we avoided any lifts. There were voices along the way, so there must have been people we avoided too. I only knew that because I would bump into Julian and get pulled back into reality. He kept giving me funny looks when he wasn't paying attention to where we were going.
\par He didn't leave me behind, though. I lagged along, barely keeping my thinking straight enough to put one foot in front of the other the further we went. He just grabbed me by the hand and dragged me along with him the rest of the way.\cf2\f2 
\par }
