{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Garamond;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\cf1\lang1033\f0\fs22 
\par I didn't realize I'd passed out until someone was shaking me back awake. Julian. I blinked up at him, but it was sluggish. Thoughts were slow and my body felt like it just wanted to get sucked down into a puddle on the floor. It succeeded in doing that for a while. Then I got a sharp jab in my side.
\par The world of senses came back in a slow, inexorable rush. It started at that point - I'd felt apathetic about it before, too apathetic to even care. Then came feeling. Touch. Pain. The taste of my stale, rough tongue in bone-dry mouth. Sounds and hearing in a swirling maelstrom of shrieks, pips, clicks, whistles, and a dull, surging roar. Then I could see again.
\par I gasped out and someone clapped a hand over my mouth. My stomach did a body flip and I would have puked too, had there been anything in it. But there wasn't, so I settled for seething breaths in and out through flaring nostrils and the cracks between that gloved hand wrapped around my face.
\par As loudly as it had come back, sound died again. I tried to remember where I was or how I'd gotten there, but it was hard. I realized it was Julian holding me still and keeping me quiet, though. I looked up at his harrowed face but he was looking away.
\par I waited, and the silence was deafening. A creeping sensation crept up my spine and sat there at the back of my neck. Eventually, Julian put a finger to his lips and silently slipped away across the floor.
\par I pulled myself back up with a wince. Everything felt either bruised or swollen or cut open. One look at the hole in my coat told me the bolthole was still there in my side. I gingerly felt a hand to the bloody bandaging.
\par Julian was crouched down a few meters away with his head flush to the wall and rifle resting in hand. He looked like he was watching or waiting for something. Like a predator. Or prey.
\par We were in some alcove, pulled back out of site of some large, indoor thoroughfare. I remembered breaking into the port building and figured we were still inside. I must have given out along the way since I'd been quickly falling apart the whole time. But I had no idea why Julian was still here or why I'd even woken back up at all.
\par There was quiet. I listened because Julian listened and it didn't hurt me not to move. Then there was a soft sound, bouncing off the open walls. Something tearing. Scraping. Clicking.
\par The rifle in Julian's hands started to shift. I watched it until it stopped, still listening. Julian's eyes were on me so suddenly it made me jump.
\par He made a motion with his hand, and I think he was telling me to get up. I started to, and he pressed a finger to his lips again urgently. I crept over to him as quietly as I could.
\par "No, listen," he breathed over me as soon as I opened my mouth. "It followed us here. I don't know how." 
\par He jabbed a finger over his shoulder to the thoroughfare beyond. I didn't look. I didn't have to - I knew what he meant. I remembered those two police officers back at the apartment that I'd left behind and how they'd screamed. And I remembered that feeling like something was there with us when we broke into the building.
\par "You need to be ready to run. Can you do that?"
\par I nodded, even though I had no idea if I really could.
\par "We need to get up to the loading platform." He pointed again.
\par "Why are the lights off?" I asked, barely more than mouthing it at him. He shook his head. Emergency lighting was still on, probably on backup generators, but I wouldn't have thought a major hub like that would have ever gone dark in the first place.
\par "They didn't go out until I started back for you."
\par I frowned at that, not sure what he meant. He said it like there was something to the lights going out then, though, but he didn't explain what he was thinking to me. There was a pale sheen of sweat on his face and I could smell the stink of him not bathing for nearly a week in the space between us.
\par The sounds stopped.
\par Julian's head snapped back toward the thoroughfare. He looked out there without saying a word or moving for a long time. Then I looked too.
\par There was nothing. Just dim lights glowing in the dark hall.
\par I opened my mouth, but he shut me up with a hand before I could say anything. I wanted to know where it'd went. I \i needed \i0 to know. His eyes were glued to where the thing must have been and knuckles white on his rifle.
\par "Get up," he whispered back at me, lifting from his crouch with the gun in hand and pointing ahead now. "Get behind me."
\par I did. I remembered the pistol inside my coat pocket and fumbled to get it out. As soon as I stood up, though, the hand wrapped around my bandaged side felt like it was the only thing holding in my insides, and I grimaced painfully. I think the bleeding might have stopped, but that didn't keep each step I took after Julian from stabbing at me and feeling like it might rip back open. But I didn't dare say anything.
\par Julian started moving toward where those sounds had come from. I had no idea where we were or where we had to go to get out of here, but I had hoped it wasn't that way. So I clutched the pistol in my hand, ready to shoot if I saw anything other than him move ahead of me. I didn't care who or what it could be, and I didn't care if I killed someone who got in the way. 
\par I suppose I'd stopped caring right about the time I decided to leave Tess behind. I suppose that was when.
\par Nothing moved, though, and Julian started to pick up speed. Then he stopped dead in his tracks so suddenly I almost hit him from behind. Something crackled loudly in the dark.
\par The light on top of his gun was cracked and broken. I realized that when I realized the dark felt even darker now than it should have. He stopped, and I stopped, and we peered at the sound.
\par "Unit two-six ... signs of ... intruders ... status?"
\par There was a pale green glow where some comm was chirping to life on the floor while also sounding like it was just about to die. Julian pressed on again quickly.
\par My foot caught something, and I jumped silently in the dark. It didn't move or grab at me, though. I looked down and realized it was a boot. It felt heavy and grounded - like someone was still wearing it.
\par "Julian?" I breathed.
\par Another silencing hand gesture in my face.
\par He ignored me, dropping down to the ground. I lost him, suddenly feeling a shift in the air flow when he wasn't in front of me anymore. I panicked for a second, and stumbled back a step, gun whipping up in front of me. If my fingers hadn't been so numb and my head so woozy, I might have actually shot him in the back when he reappeared, standing back up, right in front of me.
\par It reminded me of the ship, and I froze instead. Lucky for him.
\par A flashlight clicked on with a thin beam of light cutting through the dark at an angle to the floor. I followed it like a wrecked ship to a beacon. The first thing I saw was blood, and the outline of Julian's leg with bootprints in the blood. It cut toward that pale green light we'd seen, across bodies on the floor. There was a comm unit there, half-shredded and drowned in bits and pieces of once-living things. The bodies too - all sliced up and mangled. I didn't have to wonder at what I'd brushed up against in that boot. 
\par Just like back on the ship.
\par Julian whipped the light around toward me and I saw his hatcheted face shadowed behind it before he nearly blinded me. I threw a hand up, but he moved on, cutting across around the thoroughfare. There was a narrow part up ahead where the walls closed in to a broad doorway that stood open. He settled there.
\par "Come on," he whispered back at me. That was where we had to go.
\par I took a step in time with Julian, but that's as far as we got. I guess neither of us had seen it at first, but we did when it moved. Something like a hand was perched just inside that ring of light he had trained on the door ahead. Black, shadowy fingers crept back like spider legs, skittering out from sight.
\par I fired first. The breath caught in my throat and my gun was point that way, firing wildly off from beside and behind the Eluvian. I missed, and I knew it. He brought his rifle up too, but it was the flashlight he tried to follow that thing with as it slipped away, flitting out of view.
\par It kept ahead of him. He twisted around in an arc, chasing it and pushing me back with his other arm behind him. A screeching howl echoed in the dark, flying down the hall. A few seconds of that, and I remembered to keep firing off shots at it ahead of Julian's light.
\par We came all the way around until our backs were to the door. The light stopped at the edge of smaller passage connecting to the main one. That thing had vanished around the corner and Julian kept the light right at the opening. Something growled in the dark there.
\par "Go," he told me without moving the light. "Back up, slowly. Go."
\par I did, but I didn't do it slowly. I started to run. I stumbled, gasping and gripping forlornly at my side as it tried to burst right open again.
\par And I heard that thing abruptly come screaming along after.\cf2\f1 
\par }
