{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Garamond;}}
{\colortbl ;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\cf1\lang1033\f0\fs22 
\par I made it through the door and out into the next, dark hallway with that thing screaming right behind me. I don't know what happened to Julian, and I couldn't care just then. Lights flared up out of nowhere and suddenly everything went blinding white.
\par "Halt!"
\par My hands were in front of my face. I tried to backpeddle and stop at the same time so abrupty that my feet flew out from under me into the air. My back hit the floor, and so did my head.
\par I was down. My head spun, and I knew it was over. That second before claws started tearing me apart into pieces stretched out to a hollow infinity as the breath stuck in my throat. I waited.
\par And then it passed.
\par That thing shrieked. It was sharp, mind-numbing, and painful. If a dead hand had reached up out of the grave to scratch cracked fingernails on steel, the sound might have ruined me like that. The slicing and the tearing and the rending didn't come, though. The thing just wailed that wraith-like screeching wail and skittered away.
\par "What the hell was that?"
\par I felt the rush of air past my head. That's how I knew it wasn't going to finish me right then and there like it would have. I looked up, but it was already gone. I was still alive, so it would come back.
\par "Don't move!"
\par I needed to run. I ignored those voices, pulling myself back up. But then I heard it again, and froze instead.
\par Clicking. It creaked like those trees in the wind there out of sight with quick, sharp peals slithering out at me and making my blood run cold. There was noise from those other people in the thoroughfare, but I could only hear that thing whispering in the dark. It wasn't human. It wasn't even animal.
\par Someone started toward me. I only realized it because some of that light bobbed and detached from the rest. I saw the glint of guns in hand and boots clapping heavily along the ground. They tried to rush me.
\par I didn't move. I had two guns shoved in my face in the next instant, but I wasn't looking at them. They shouted down at me.
\par "Don't you fucking move!"
\par "Where is the other one?"
\par "\i Forget\i0  him - what the fuck was that thing behind her?"
\par There were a lot of them. I didn't care. And that thing must not have either because the next thing I knew, a shadow was flitting around behind those lights into whoever was standing back there pointing guns at me when they should have been a lot more worried about \i it\i0 .
\par They screamed. Firebolts went off. I ducked, pushing myself into the ground. A few went over my head and one of the men standing over me took a shot to the arm. He swore, and they forgot me.
\par It didn't last long. Those lights started to wink out or exploded. People died. I heard them torn apart like I'd heard and seen too many times before. I watched without seeing and those two men standing with me rounded back on the others.
\par "Hold your fire!"
\par "\i Shit\i0 !"
\par One of them had dropped down into a crouch, pointing his gun back at the rest and nearly falling over. The other was clutching at his shot-through arm, face blotchy and red and teeth bared at that hole in him now. They ignored me completely there on the ground.
\par The wild firefight died off, and then there were only the sounds of the dead and the three of us breathing. The light from one of the others' gun rolled across the floor toward the wall and died there, slowly. Perennium wasn't supposed to ever die like that.
\par "Shit, shit, shit!" the injured one was swearing at his arm and shaking there. His snubbed rifle was hanging loose on his shoulder, forgotten too.
\par There was another second or two of that turgid quiet. The thoroughfare suddenly felt empty and dangerous. I glanced up from the ground and looked around, pistol still clutched in my hand. They hadn't gotten the chance to even notice it. I pointed it at the wounded one.
\par If I'd worried about murdering again, the choice was taken away from me this time. I put my finger on the trigger and that man noticed. The other one was still looking away, but he spun around with his gun as something moved in the dark. It stopped right behind the wounded man, and so did his shaking. I didn't have to kill him. I got to watch him dismembered right in front of me instead.
\par I never saw the thing cut into him. He was just standing there one second and separated from his head, arm, and both legs the next. And I didn't see that thing turn and pounce on the other one either. I thought I was next. But the dead man's rifle just clattered down in front of me along with the rest of him on the floor. I grabbed it.
\par The other man was dead too. I didn't pay attention to how he was taken apart - I just shoved both those guns at him and started firing. The hall lit up, and blinded me.
\par The kickback on the rifle threw it wide, twisting my hand. I heard the pistol hit something, though, and I swore it was flesh. That shrieking came back. Bolts of fire flew over my head, and I squeezed myself back flat against the ground. Someone came running at me, still firing.
\par "Get up!" Julian shouted at me, suddenly there again. I didn't have time to wonder what the hell he'd been waiting for, or care. He swung that flashlight he'd picked up around the hall, chasing the thing back. It vanished in the dark with a howling wail. 
\par "Come on!"
\par He shouted again. I pawed my way back up from the ground, still clutching that Dreggoran's short rifle in one aching hand. Wind rushed over my head. Julian grunted and was gone again. He vanished right into the air.
\par I was alone with that thing now. It stood next to me - right where Julian had been. It made clicking noises, and the sound echoed sharply in the dead corridor. I hung there, unmoving while it hovered over me for a few of the longest seconds of my life. I should have been dead. Everyone else was.
\par Dad. Tess. Julain.
\par I got impatient. "What are you waiting for?" 
\par But it didn't answer. I don't think it even had a mouth to speak. 
\par I just felt its spider-like fingers on my neck.
\par }
