{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Garamond;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\cf1\lang1033\f0\fs22 
\par Things went numb.
\par My legs. My hands. My entire body beneath my neck.
\par I just couldn't feel a thing.
\par There was vertigo and the sensation of being lifted up. I could still see, and blink, and think. So the thought occurred to me that I might have been just a bodiless head now - separated from the rest of me like so many others. I couldn't tell. The mind didn't die right away, especially when it was psychokinetically-inclined. They used to call that neurologically "stubborn" back home.
\par It was over then, and I didn't feel anything at all. No pain or fear or regret. I looked up, and that alien thing was looking down at me with its empty, eyeless face like a living shadow wrested out of the dark.
\par It opened its mouth. At least, I think it did. And I opened mine. Then it started rushing in to fill me.
\par I choked, but I didn't feel that either. Just the numbness all over. Something new came with it, like ... slipping away. I don't know. It was pushing me away. It got harder and harder to think.
\par I got flashes of dad and Tess instead. Home. Even Julian and this stupid moon so far away from anything I'd cared about. Sharp, jarring flashes that cut at me like a knife inside my head. Too bad I was too dulled to feel it. It was like stabbing a corpse.
\par I drifted instead, twitching in the dark, while a pressure built all around me. My mind kept slipping away. That thing was melting into my mouth and wilting to nothing right in front of me as it did.
\par Something jabbed me from behind. I convulsed, and my head beat forward before settling down. That thing kept forcing its way inside, but I could barely feel it.
\par Then it came again. Stronger this time.
\par Someone was screaming.
\par Me.
\par That pressure was suffocating me now, crushing in from everywhere all at once. I could suddenly feel it like the only sensation in the world. It broke through the haze. And then it broke through me.
\par Every nerve in my body lit up all at once from nowhere, and I drowned in pain from it so intense that it blinded me. It was still there. I wasn't dead, but I would be soon.
\par That thing had a hand wrapped around my throat. My mouth was forced open and the rest of it was poised in the air right in front of my face, rushing into my open mouth. I tried to scream. I tried to gag, choke, and spit it back out. But it just kept coming, and I could feel it twisting down around inside me, ripping into my insides with unseen hands. I panicked.\cf2\f1 
\par }
