{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Garamond;}}
{\colortbl ;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\cf1\lang1033\f0\fs22 
\par We drove away from that place and out of the night into the day. The tattooed man was passed out cold beside me in the back. Tess hadn't lasted much longer up front. And that left me alone. With a waking dream flowing by in the form of sprawling forests that quickly turned to verdant, yellowed fields outside the viewport with only that old man for company.
\par The subtle, insidious whispering faded almost to nothing as we rolled away in that worn and trembling automotive. And so did the certainty that I was dead or still just dreaming. They didn't always feel so real, but that place was not so surreal as the worst my imagination had to offer when I wasn't careful.
\par Dad had come through on his promise.
\par I was planetside.
\par With that realization, though, came the one where he was dead. And I was all alone.
\par I spent the rest of that ride with only that thought in my head as I stared without seeing out the viewport. Over, and over. People said things at me. But I didn't hear them. Just Dad and those last few words in the life pod. It felt like someone had scratched them on the inside of my skull with a rusty knife.
\par That old man kept looking at me in a mirror hanging from the ceiling between him and Tess while she slept. He told me his name, but I wasn't listening. Tried to tell me a few other things too, but I didn't care. And kept winking at me with a patient look like he was expecting me to figure something out. But I had never seen him before in my life. And I didn't care if I never saw him again.
\par Tess drifted in and out. The man who had carried me through those woods didn't. Not until the day had dragged on into late afternoon and what must have been a small planetside-town sprouted up around us. The clear fields peeled back and there was just that rough-edged, rocky outcropping of humanity. White-washed, and looking disused. Walkways were pitted and corroded without cleaning. Walls cracked and crumbled in places, looking more like stone - maybe even wood - than metal. Blue atmosphere soared overhead into infinity, and the air whipped past our vehicle like it was a living thing. So wild and uncontrolled. Nothing like Riftwatch. Nothing like home.
\par A couple more tears slipped down past my cheeks.
\par We got lost amidst those buildings. A few people eyed us interestedly, but mostly because they looked dull and bored. The rest ignored us. A working colony, maybe. There were a lot of unkempt men wandering around in droves with similar, dusty dress. Laborers. Somehow, it didn't seem like the kind of place that Dad would have taken us to vacation. Not at all. 
\par Not that any of it mattered anymore.
\par I might have wondered who that tattooed man was who'd carried me through the woods, but I couldn't bring myself to care. It felt too much like the weight of everything around me was just crushing inward and suffocating slowly. I wasn't tired, but I couldn't summon the nerve to more than drag my mind and body around in place. I was happy just to lay there without moving. 
\par Eventually, we stopped. And that tattoed man snapped back awake like he had just been waiting the whole ride to do just that.
\par He blinked around, alert like no one else in that place, and snatching at the rifle propped up between us on the seat. His eyes settled on me for a second - I could feel them boring a hole in the side of my head as I leaned listlessly into the glass. Then, they were gone and so was he, barely muttering some gratitude to the old man before throwing his hatch open and hopping outside. The old man leaned over and woke up Tess.
\par "Where the hell are we?" she blurted out after whipping her head around at the town. She must have noticed the tattooed man hurrying away without a word, because she threw her own hatch open and shouted after him.
\par "Hey! Where are you going?"
\par Before I knew it, Tess had me yanked out of the back seat and was shouting away at that man so loud that most of the people around stopped to give us a look. We stood out apparently, because they didn't stop looking after that.
\par "Dammit! WAIT FOR US!"
\par She ducked back in for a few seconds. Then she was dragging me bodily down the gravelly way after the tattooed man. The old man took his clanking automobile, and left.
\par People stared after. Hard and hallowed faces - most of them some chalky white. The air picked up in heavy gusts flowing back from those plains behind, and kicked up dirt and dust at my feet. I stood out, but I wouldn't for very long. I tasted salt and sand on my tongue, and looked down. There was blood on my jacket. Dad's blood.
\par We reached some sort of station at some point after clawing our way down terrestrial streets with faded signs and graffiti and people that gave us a wide berth. Tess hauled me inside without another word. She shoved more than a few people as she did, pushing her way through and dragging me along with her. Now some of those looks turned hostile, and a couple shouted after her. They had a dialect I could hardly recognize. Tess just ignored them and stalked right through that place until the tattooed man came back into view.
\par The pink-haired woman starting pushing him around. She let me go, and I skittered to a halt. Those other people waiting inside the station swallowed me up and jostled me around as a space opened up for those two going at it loudly. I scrunched in on myself. I didn't want those people to touch me. There was nothing fun about any of it anymore. Now ...
\par I just wanted to go \i home\i0 .\cf2 
\par }
