{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Garamond;}}
{\colortbl ;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\cf1\lang1033\f0\fs22 
\par 
\par "Come on, Ev. Let's get the hell out of here."
\par As soon as we got outside in the courtyards, she laid into me about it.
\par "So whaddya do this time? Finally smack one of those Peekay kids right in the face?"
\par "Yep," I told her. "That's exactly what I did."
\par She laughed, giving me a quick, sidelong look.
\par "Liar."
\par "Like I'd ever hear the end of it from Jonathon if I did. He'd stop letting me come by."
\par "Or Hallway," she snickered on. "He's just waiting for a good enough excuse to get rid of you. Seven semesters and you still can't make it past intro?"
\par "I don't have any talent."
\par "Not the kind Ol' Wier-do wants ya ta have, anyways."
\par Lots of kids got a kick out of me still being in that class. I guess they thought I was pretty stupid for never progressing past the intro course on Peekay. It didn't matter that Dr. Weir was one of the most respected theorists and researchers on the station. Or that he had made me absorb so much about it over the years that I could test out of the advanced levels if I really wanted to - written exams, at least. His daughter was just a mundane - sitting in a room full of eighteen-year-olds with more talent in one squint than she had in her whole brain. Dr. Holloway wondered why I was still wasting mine, and especially his, time. But he knew that Dad made me go, every day.
\par "You should just up and do it one of these days," she started up again after we'd reached the central courtyards.
\par "Do what?"
\par "Knock one of them flat on their asses. You know? And flick Hallway off and storm out? Maybe that Brick guy."
\par "Brett."
\par "Yeah, him." 
\par She barked a laugh, nearly doubling over.
\par "Or that one girl - I forget her name - but she's always comin' around giving me the stink-eye at Bertram's. That'd be awesome - she's such a bitch."
\par "Most of them could stop me before I even got close."
\par "Whatever." Tess shook her head. "You just gotta get the jump on 'em, you know?"
\par She enjoyed that fantasy with a wistful look on her face for a minute. There was an "outdoor" lecture going on in the courtyards as we passed through, and I glanced at one of the professors shepherding his flock of older students through the paths as he went on about old Haakon and the philosophical predictions he made while ruminating centuries ago on the station under the light of the Rift. Dad had made me read them, even though it was advanced studies that I never qualified for. Most of the old Peekay enthusiasts and researchers there thought that light-show out in space gave Haakon some clairvoyant insight or something. Maybe that it would give some of them a brilliant breakthrough or two, too. All I knew was that it made the flowers in the gardens bloom a pretty sort of serpentine violet that everyone thought was just amazing. And they made sure that gaping skylight out ot space stayed open.
\par "Well, I've gotta go," Tess broke out of her reverie with a shrug.
\par "What are you going to do?"
\par She laughed a little deviously under her breath. Anyone who didn't know her like almost everyone did might have mistaken it for cute with her flamboyant pink hair and impish face. We all knew better, though.
\par "Not going back to Bertram's chores just yet, that's fer sure. You wanna tag along?"
\par "Can't." I shook my head at her. "I've got way too much reading to do."
\par Again, she laughed, but this time at me. "Just remember to make a copy."
\par "I will."
\par "That's what you said last time. And you forgot."
\par "Whatever. Get out of here, or I'll call Bertram."
\par "Liar."
\par }
