{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil High Tower Text;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 High Tower Text;}{\f2\fnil Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\cf1\lang1033\f0\fs22 
\par \f1 I ran. I ran harder and faster than I ever had in my life. Corridors whipped past, bluring together in a messy haze of gray metal bulkheads. The world became nothing but shoes on steel, thumping blood and tears, and me sucking down each crying breath like it was my last. I didn't stop until I caught something with my foot. And then I was smacking the deck hard face-first with my forehead.
\par Things spun for a while after that. I had a hard time thinking. Not that I was really interested in doing just that. I lay there on the ground like a corpse. A shivering, sobbing corpse. And everything started to close in black around me.
\par "\i Run\i0 ."
\par I jerked back up to my feet with a start. Instantly. Leaden, flailing limbs flopped out around me and I slapped the wall ahead with my whole body. That voice was in my head, but it was Dad's. I couldn't stop. Not yet. Not with Dad alone back there. They weren't after him.
\par They weren't after ... \i him\i0 .
\par There was a corpse on the floor.
\par It took a long time to notice. I think that was what I had tripped over. There was blood all over the deck, and on my hands. Making them stick. I tried to wipe it off on my pants, staring dumbly at that body. It was crawling the wrong way.
\par There was too much blood, and I backed away. Numb. Whoever it had been, they had been hacked to pieces. There wasn't much more to it than that. Just ... Hacked. To. Pieces.
\par Someone screamed.
\par My thumping head jerked that way. It was not the way back to Dad and those others. I didn't know anything about that ship or where I was now, but I noticed the red-black trail leading back around a corner where that dead man must have dragged himself from. The lights flickered above me.
\par There were more of them. Whoever they were. They had gotten ahead of me and Dad. But there were still those behind. I think I laughed a little at that, but it came out sounding shrill and insane in my ears.
\par The choice was too easy, and I hated myself more than anything for it just then. So much that it hurt. There was nothing that I wanted to do more just then than let myself break down into tiny little pieces on the floor. But I kept seeing Dad's face whenever I closed my eyes. And I went forward. I didn't even look back.
\par I followed that trail of blood. There wasn't much else to do. Slowly. Quietly. My shoes squelched fresh gore on the deck and I felt bile in my throat. I was sweating, and cold. Every muscle was pulled so tight I was sure it would just snap. But somehow I reached the corner even so. I had to keep going.
\par I peeked around, holding what little I could of my breath. It still came out in short, sharp bursts. That scream had come from there.
\par Another corridor opened up beyond. This one had doors marching along to either side of it. Passenger cabins. It was the upper decks now, I think. Nothing like the horrible open bay we had been in below. But here all the doors were open.
\par And there were bodies. 
\par Everywhere.
\par And I froze there. Staring at them. The breath finally caught in my throat.
\par Men and women. Children. It was hard to tell. They had been diced up and butchered like raw meat. Pieces lay everywhere. On the walls. The ceiling. Like when Dad had taken those two monsters apart, only worse. Much worse. Someone had gotten more personal with these. Right up inside and thrashing bone and sinew apart. Some of the pieces were even still recognizable.
\par I would have thrown up then, but something was moving at the end of the hall.
\par I only caught a glimpse. A bloody, wailing mass of a girl on the ground ahead through the door at the end. Something lumbered over to her. And it made a sound as it scraped her up off the ground. A sound like ripping flesh and crackling bone. Everything horrible that had ever come out my nightmares on the cusp of waking that I could never remember. That I would never let myself remember. I only caught a glimpse, and that was all I ever needed. 
\par I did throw up then. I puked into a bloody, helpless hand. 
\par Somehow, my back was against the wall again, and I was out of sight. I felt like my lungs had seized up, both legs stiff and stuck at awkward angles to the floor. My knees shook, and I just sat there like that, unable to move. Everything was ice, chills creeping up like tiny talons along my spine. Another second like that, and all the lights flickered out.
\par I might have cried again there in the dark. I know I laughed. An insane, helpless laugh. But in the end, I just squeezed my eyes shut.
\par Every dream came screaming back from where I had buried it, howling and clawing right through my brain. Every hook, claw, and talon. Every severed head, punctured gut, and limb torn free. Every ounce of blood splattered everywhere. Everything that I had kept hidden and locked away from the waking world. It all flashed in my head in an instant. But it wasn't real.
\par It wasn't real.
\par I took a deep breath. Somehow. And opened my eyes again, slowly. Emergency lights had come on, painting the passage with specks of dim red. They didn't do much at all. But it was enough, for a moment just then, not to be lost in the dark down there.
\par Something loomed right next to my head.
\par My legs gave out. Even before the rush and gargling scream. I collapsed down, that thing whipping something of itself into the wall that sliced a hole right through it. I heard the metal rend, and my heart tried to burst. But I flipped over onto my stomach first.
\par Another wet howl. I threw myself up to my feet, flying, stumbling back down the first corridor. Instinct, and reflex. My own body sliced up into pieces flashed in my mind so suddenly I forgot I was already moving. 
\par Something else snapped in just over my back. And again into the ground where my feet had been.
\par I hit another corner - a side hallway I never saw running before. I lashed out and caught it with both hands, slipping on the dead man's blood still on the floor. That took me clean off my feet again, but not on down the hall. I yanked myself over into the other hallway. That thing slashed in right behind.
\par It screamed at me. That fleshy, mouthless scream. I tripped up a few desperate steps, blood slick on my shoes. Those emergency lights didn't do anything for the hallway but outline the walls. And they were out in some places. Covered up, maybe. By bodies, blood, or something else - I couldn't tell. There was only red-tinged black ahead and that thing behind.
\par I charged the other end. Hard. But I didn't get far. There \i were\i0  bodies on the floor. And it took me another second, as I slid wildly ahead into another wall, to realize that it wasn't water making the floor so wet.
\par When I came back up, that thing was screaming right in my face.
\par It slashed something at me. My arm sliced open and whatever it was punched a hole in the deck. I spun around on my back in the blood on the ground, and both feet went flying. One managed to hit the thing somewhere.
\par It hit me again. Something blunt this time because it sent me sliding away down the hall. I slapped the deck and leapt back up to my feet, stumbled a few steps, and slipped into a door. It was shut tight.
\par I froze for one, terrible moment. That warbling started up again behind me, charging. Maybe it had never stopped. Everything went to cold, shivering ice again, and I tried to scream. But I just didn't have it in me.
\par Then I saw it. The door was open. 
\par Just a little.
\par I didn't care. I flung myself at the hole without a second thought except for the murderous howl flying at me fast rom behind. And got stuck partway through.
\par Maybe I looked back. The thing was just a big, black splotch against the blotted, dull lights. A terrible mistake. Pretty soon, it doubled up on itself and filled out the whole corridor.
\par I sucked in, squeezed, and screamed. Hands scrabbling on both sides, I smeared blood all over the doors. Panic reached a fever pitch as my fingers slid all over. I didn't look back again. Couldn't. Even as it gargled another vicious shriek at me, I clawed my way through the door. It swiped that razor-sharp something for my head. 
\par And then I was through.
\par I got halfway down the next corridor before I realized it, though.
\par Everything swirled around me in a blinding rush of black and red. I never stopped. Barely slowed. But that thing was still caught in the door. I didn't look back, but I could hear it slashing at metal and screaming at me, trying to get through.
\par  I glanced down at my arm as I stumbled on - at the blood dribbling down the length of it. It shook so hard it was hard to see in the dim light. And I had no idea how bad it was. But I couldn't care just then anyways.
\par Dad's voice was in my head. And I just kept on running in the dark.\cf2\f2 
\par }
