{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil Garamond;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Garamond;}{\f2\fnil Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\cf1\lang1033\f0\fs22 
\par \f1 We jumped the train.
\par That tattooed man - Julian, he said, when Tess called him one of her nicknames - threw us off. Before jumping himself. We ran to the back, as far as we could, until there was nothing but open tunnel and fading tracks behind us. Dark, and empty.
\par That thing didn't follow. I hoped. I didn't hear it inside my head the whole while and wondered if it could have forgotten me. It had enough new prey to sate it anyways.
\par Again. Because of me.
\par Tess protested. Screaming into the air, Julian flung her out. I jumped ahead of him before he could turn on me. I looked, tucked in, and hit the ground in a rush, rolling and tumbling over into a flurry of dirt. I missed the tracks. Tess didn't. And she was out cold when we picked her up a few minutes later.
\par Julian said it was fine.
\par It was pitch black in there, like falling into an endless void, as I watched the train leave us quickly behind. I didn't know where we had been going, or why, and a sudden despair of being utterly lost rushed in to choke me with unseen hands as soon as that thundering machine was gone.
\par I think I blacked out to nightmares for a minute, because the next thing I knew that man was crouching down and shining a light in my eyes.
\par We found Tess after that, looking like she'd tried to crack her skull open on the way down to the ground. But Julian said she was fine. We just rested there in sudden silence for a little longer as the echoes of the train faded away into the distance. Then he heaved her up with a groan, and started off. I followed.
\par We were drowning in a sea of blackness, but for that light Julian had. He climbed up out of the pit where the rail tracks lay onto a narrow concrete platform. We followed that for a long time in the dark and the quiet of nothing but small scurrying things out of sight. Then a rusted old hatch opened up to our right of a sudden. A few bolts from his rifle and Julian had it back open.
\par His light flickered over some steps leading up in the dark. Spiderwebs covered the landing. And so did the biggest spider I had ever seen.
\par I froze up, skin crawling all over as it slinked up and away from the light. Even after Julian let loose a shot to to fry the thing, my skin itched and I couldn't shake the thought of it crawling. I swear it shrieked at us as that bolt of fire turned it into smoldering cinders with legs curling in.
\par The room above was small, cluttered with decayed furniture and garbage. Julian said it looked like an abandoned service station. I suppose that made sense. He found the door and revealed night settled on sparse, rocky fields outside.
\par I got a good look at the sky when he said it would be morning again soon. A big, luminescent orb hung there toward one horizon, swirling with more color and life than anything else against the starry black void. One of the most beautiful things I had ever seen in my life.
\par "Dreggoran," Julian grunted when he caught me staring. Then turned around and headed back inside without another thought.
\par Somewhere safe. I remembered Dad saying that was where we were going.
\par That planet loomed up in the dark sky on an alien world and I could almost see the shards of my life still splintering around me into even tinier fragments. They just cut my hands if I tried to grab them.
\par Tess' head was all puffy and swollen beside a gash on the side of it. Julian checked her again, briefly. I came back in and knelt down across from him with her between us.
\par "Who are you?" I asked when he was done. 
\par He barely more than glanced my way. "Does it matter?" he grunted back.
\par I guessed not.
\par Another few minutes passed into an hour of just sitting there doing nothing. Resting, maybe. Julian got up and made sure to close that hatch again behind us at one point. He even braced it with random junk from around the room, and I wondered why he bothered. That thing must have been long gone.
\par ... Not that I didn't appreciate the effort.
\par It got lighter outside. The sun came up, I think. That tattooed man was up and moving before then, though. And I didn't have much reason not to just do as he said and follow.
\par Tess woke up, groggy and complaining about her head. Julian had poured something over the gash and bandaged it while she was out. It might have looked funny - red-stained white popping out of the side of her mussed, pink hair - if I had felt like laughing. I didn't.
\par That complaining quickly turned to freaking out, though. When she realized she had been cut and bleeding. She started shrieking something about infection, and Julian told her he cleaned it as quickly as he could. He wasn't very convincing, I supposed, because Tess didn't look too convinced by that. I got a few good, worried looks myself, making me pick at the gauze around my stomach and arm. I frowned at that.
\par She kept fretting about it the rest of the day as we started up trudging along the outside of the train tunnel toward wherever that tattooed man decided we should go.\cf2\f2 
\par }
