{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil Garamond;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Garamond;}{\f2\fnil Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\cf1\highlight0\lang1033\f0\fs22 
\par \pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\highlight0\f1 There was a ladder hanging to the side of the next cabin door. When I twisted back around to look, Tess was hanging off it. Looking wide-eyed and in shock. Her feet dangled down below.
\par "FUCK!"
\par I got back to my feet as soon as the deck settled. That thing was looming through the rear door porthole.
\par I fell back. The door exploded outward in the middle to the sound of rending metal. Something of that thing sliced through, slipping through a hole. It started peeling it back too.
\par "THIS WAY, EV!"
\par Tess had managed to pull herself up that ladder and was scrambling up toward the top of the next car. She flung one arm wildly at me. I leapt after her and vaulted up right behind.
\par That door came apart in pieces as I flopped over onto the cabin roof. The tunnel whipped by, closed air beating me down against the metal. What was left of the door flung out into it and burst into sparks as it vanished in a screeching mess behind.
\par For a few seconds, neither of us dared to move
\par Then the other door collapsed into a twisted, screaming heap.
\par I heard it. I didn't have to see it. And people started screaming again down below. I felt it through the metal when they died.
\par We waited there until that screaming stopped. I felt Tess' hand clutching mine in a deathgrip, digging her fingernails into me. Her eyes were wide with unshed tears when I looked that way. I had a hard time feeling anything at all. It still felt too much like a dream.
\par Tess had been holding her breath. It came rushing back out only after everything had settled down again below for a while. Her voice shook wildly, almost drowned out in the tunnel winds.
\par "C-Come on!"
\par She slipped around behind me - back towards the ladder we came up on. I looked ahead, but it was hard to tell where the rest of the cars ended with the swerving tunnel and low lights. They might have gone on forever in the dark.
\par Tess peeked around the edge back toward the gangplank, holding her trembling breath. It rattled loudly in her chest as I shimmied up beside her. There was no sign of that thing when I looked down.
\par It took a long time of just sitting there, listening to the silence over the roar of gears in the tunnel, before Tess started moving again, though.
\par She slipped over the edge and started hesitantly down the ladder. I followed. By the time she hit the ground, she was fretting over a glance into the car the thing had disappeared into. I joined her when she finally managed to do it.
\par Those torn up bodies all over the place were a familiar sight to me. Not Tess. She threw up off the gangplank and stumbled away. There wasn't anything still moving in the car, though. I gave it a good long look to make sure, but I didn't hold out much longer.
\par I chased Tess through the car behind back toward where we had started. The mess we had left there didn't get any better. My head got heavy, and it was hard to feel my feet on the deck with the sweet swell of coppery-fresh blood in the air. Tess hit the far door, catching herself before pitching out past the next gangplank. I staggered up beside her.
\par "I - I don't know what," she stammered, gasping with her mouth wide open like her lungs just wouldn't work, "what to do." 
\par Her eyes flickered back at me. "What do we do, Ev?"
\par But I wasn't the one to give her an answer. I only had one. And it was the same as hers.
\par Run.
\par Something popped up in front of her when she did, though.
\par Tess screamed, but that thing snatched her up. A gun slipped in to her hand. But it turned her whole arm aside. The bolt went wide.
\par I froze.
\par And that thing would have torn her apart. Would have. While I just stood there for the second longest moment of my life.
\par Except it was that tattooed man who had grabbed her before she could blow his head right off.
\par "Where is it?" he demanded in a low whisper when Tess eventually stopped struggling to kick or shoot his guts out. He let go of the hand he had clamped over her mouth too.
\par "B-back ..."
\par She started to point behind me, but couldn't finish. She just shook her head wildly.
\par "I don't know."
\par That tattooed man looked at the car behind. Then at her. Then at me.
\par Then he turned back around.
\par \pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1 "Stay with me."\cf2\f2 
\par }
