{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil Garamond;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Garamond;}{\f2\fnil Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\cf1\lang1033\f0\fs22 
\par \f1 We got a much better look at that place whipping past it as fast as the rover and Julian could go. Enough to realize that there wasn't a single living thing left out there. Or, at least we could find any.
\par "Are they all ...?"
\par Tess couldn't even finish the question. She'd gotten even whiter in the past few minutes minutes. We'd seen the wreck of where the train must have come in from far off. It looked like it had jumped tracks off the end and crashed headlong into whatever got in its way.
\par "Evacuated," the Eluvian offered, veering sharply around another abandoned vehicle stuck at an odd angle in the middle of the road.
\par "... All of them?" came her small voice. Julian shook his head.
\par "They wouldn't have the room onboard the station, the time, or the concern. Most would've just run. Look around you."
\par "Run \i where\i0 ?"
\par The Eluvian man didn't bother to answer that one. Tess sounded almost desperate. It was hard to imagine where anyone would go other than the port around there. Nothing but barren valleys had sprawled out around the environs coming in. Nothing anyone could survive on for too long.
\par "Not our problem," he did say eventually, dismissing the thought. I still had a hard time imagining how that whole place could have been deserted in less than a day. There must have been survivors. There \i must \i0 have been.
\par "What about the ones that attacked us?" I asked myself.
\par "Search and destroy patrol," he said simply. "They must have picked up our movement on scans."
\par "But ... but they \i shot\i0  at us," Tess chimed in. She avoided looking at the hostage patroller in the passenger's seat ahead of her while she talked.
\par "Wouldn't you?"
\par "What?"
\par Jules shook his head again, twisting the wheel around something on the street. I glimpsed it down there as we passed. It was a body.
\par "They won't be taking any chances," the Eluvian man muttered on. "That thing must have torn right through this place before anyone realized what was going on. Harder to figure it out with the locomotive shooting off into the town too. Anyone who was smart and lucky got up to the port before things got locked down. The rest ..."
\par He trailed off. I don't think he would have bothered finishing if Tess hadn't stared him down in his driver's mirror for a full minute.
\par "If they didn't get out to the hills," he told her, "then they're fair game for a clean sweep. Isn't that right?"
\par The bloody guard was still sitting hunched over in his seat. His eyes were cagey, and he didn't answer the Eluvian. I started to feel better about having a gun on him the more I saw him casting those looks about.
\par "What about us?" Tess eventually demanded. "If they locked everything down and are trying to kill us - well, how are we supposed to get outta here? Huh?"
\par "That's what he's here for," Julian canted his head sideways toward the guard. Again, he didn't say anything.
\par Tess opened her mouth again from the back seat, but something else cut her off.
\par "A-ko zeeks, rezeefing? Zentral tronsmitteeng."
\par The integrated comm unit for the rover blared to life in a sharp instant. It made me jump in my seat and nearly lose the gun.
\par "Careful," the Eluvian snapped at me without missing a beat in his driving.
\par "What the hell was that?" Tess snapped back.
\par Julian didn't answer her. He just flicked the thing off.
\par A minute later, and that tower heading up into the nighttime sky was almost right in front of us. I got a good glimpse of it punching through the clouds and tried to crane my neck for a better look. There was something unsettling about the way those semi-opaque sidings stretched on to infinity. It made me feel small and paranoid of falling from a great height like that all at once. Like my imagination was trying to put me on the ground and top of the tower in the clouds at the same time.
\par The thunder-crack of something bright exploding in the gravel to one side of us brought me back, though.
\par I almost lost the gun again, even though it was Tess crying out sharply in surprise since she was the closest to it. Bits of asphalt rained down on her side of the rover, and we jerked hard as Julian slipped at the wheel.
\par He twisted around in his seat and stabbed a finger at me a second later. "Keep the damn thing on him!" he snarled back over his shoulder.
\par The rover lurched forward as Julian kicked it into an even higher speed down the deserted street. I bobbed my head uselessly, though the Eluvian had already started. And that was when the too-quiet security patroller decided to bash Julian with an elbow.
\par He recovered a split-second later, whipping back from the rim of the door and slamming a fist into the side of the other man's head. They didn't get a chance to fight it out for long, though, because the rover hit something going too fast and just flipped up into the air.\cf2\f2 
\par }
