{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Garamond;}}
{\colortbl ;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\cf1\highlight0\lang1033\f0\fs22  
\par I woke up with half my face plastered against the metal of my desk. I blinked at the text splayed out on the monitor in front of me for a minute. Then I got a good look at the time as it came into focus.
\par "Shit!"
\par And I threw myself away in a rush.
\par "Shit, shit, shit!"
\par I was running down the courtyards, shoving early-morning professors and adepts out of my way with a heavy duffle bag swinging over one shoulder, fifteen minutes later. Too long to gather my things and fly out the door. I had stopped for just a second to see if Dad had come home since there was no sign of him when I finally woke up. No one had even opened his door.
\par I was late. I might have clocked a few people that took too long to jump or duck aside with my bag, but I was moving too fast to hear whatever got yelled out after me. Or care just then. They really should have made those walkways wider.
\par Jonathon wasn't waiting for me outside or anything when I got to his quarters. Honestly, I would have prefered to see him standing there looking pissed and towering like he meant to beat it out of me for being late. At least I would have known what was coming. But no, the door was locked.
\par So I slumped down to the deck right outside, and waited.
\par I spent forty-five minutes sitting there with my head in my hands just staring at the bulkhead across the corridor, being bored and miserable. I thought about Dad. I wondered about what Tess was doing just then. Probably something that she'd get in trouble for if they ever caught her. Flashes of the dream came back in spurts, but I shut them out for the most part. I was banging my head lightly back against the door to keep from falling asleep again by the time it suddenly opened and I toppled back inside. Jonathon was standing there, over me.
\par He grabbed my duffle bag, and tossed it inside.
\par "Get up."
\par One thing I had made sure I didn't think about that whole time - was what he was going to do to me for being late again.
\par We ended up spending an hour circumnavigating Riftwatch. The whole station. And by circumnavigate - I meant stairs.
\par Stairs.
\par And - I guessed it -
\par More stairs.
\par I suppose he didn't much feel like beating me up, since it wouldn't have been too hard for him. But he had no problem at all making me fight gravity for sixty minutes straight. Artificial maybe, but no less heart-rendingly despised by the end of it. I might have shown my teeth to him a few too many times because he ran me through one of the biggest cases in the courtyards at the end. And I was crawling by then - wailing inside my head for something, anything to put me out of my misery for good.
\par "You were late again," he said, crouched down too easily over me when we were done. He had been there all along, right ahead of me whenever he trusted me enough not to steal a break and stop as soon he wasn't looking.
\par I flopped down, not even all the way over the last steps. I had one hand on the top, though. That was enough. Shaking, and twitching all over. My brain had all but shut down inside. 
\par Oh thank god that was enough.
\par "Are you getting bored, Evelyn?"
\par Lungs fluttered. My heart hurt. I couldn't have answered him to save my life. My entire world had narrowed down to the ins and outs of forcing air around my chest as that voice hovered somewhere out there in space. The sound of blood thundering inside my throbbing skull drowned out everything but him.
\par "We'll see if you make it back tomorrow. And I hope, for your sake, that you don't waste my time again."
\par If I had had anything left in me after all of that, I might have wanted to do something terrible. I think I hated him more than anything along the way. But the only thing I could care about once it was all finally over was to lay there, and nothing else. I made a silent pact with myself never to move again.
\par I guess he had just left me there after that. I laid on the steps for maybe a full minute or two more just breathing before I passed out. I didn't even realize I had - until someone kicked me right in the ribs.
\par "Living on the catwalks now, Wier?"
\par That someone laughed. And a few other someones chimed in too.
\par I jerked back awake. Partly. But all I could manage was a low groan against the deck. My whole body felt like it had been drained of everything good and just left there to rot. An empty, rumpled sack.
\par It took me another minute or so to figure out what was going on.
\par "Daddy finally kick you out for being a fucking retard?"
\par More laughing. I got another shoe in the guts, but I didn't have the wherewithal to more than curl up slowly into a limp ball. Or care. I could only barely feel it after the beating Jonathon had put me through.
\par Thankfully, though, that was enough for them.
\par "Come on, Brett. Let's get outta here."
\par "Yeah. Whatever."
\par And they were gone.
\par I managed to pick myself up a little while later, and stumble my way back home. I got a few funny looks from people for whatever hell I must have looked like I'd crawled my way out of. 
\par Dad didn't come home again that night.
\par }
