{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 High Tower Text;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\cf1\lang1033\f0\fs22 
\par A man stood ahead of them. Alone. Those corpses surrounded him, throats cut and stomachs sliced open. Already bled out onto the deck and dead. His handiwork, of that there was no doubt.
\par Footsteps clambered up from the stairwell behind, and Nolan twisted back around. Someone else was coming up from down there - a woman. With two of the biggest and ugliest looking creatures that could still be mistaken for men. They weren't, though. Huge, yellowed fangs poked out from lumpy faces, both hunkering down to keep their tufted heads beneath the ceiling. They took up the entire stairway.
\par Nolan jerked the girl around behind him. Both hands came up, one to either side, lips moving quickly. Those three down below stopped at the gesture like they knew what it meant. The man ahead did not move at all. Smart enough. And Weir held them there for a moment, eyes darting back and forth between. Evelyn stood dumbstruck and incredulous behind. It kept her quiet while one of those others worked up the gall to speak.
\par "You know why I'm here," the man down the corridor uttered then. His voice was low, and rich without a trace of fear or concern. He was big beneath his long coat, and there was a glint of something there when Nolan looked. For a moment, the man's eyes beneath his hood were on Evelyn and they glimmered too. That gave Weir some much-needed focus.
\par "Give me the girl, old man," was all he said. To Nolan. His daughter glanced back down toward the three below, the brutish things inching closer when they thought Nolan wasn't paying enough attention. The woman held her ground.
\par And that was when Evelyn must have realized just who the hooded man had meant.
\par "\i What\i0 ?" 
\par She squeaked out at him from behind. She looked from the man to the woman and the two monsters, and tried to squeeze herself even further away against the wall behind. Nolan glanced back briefly and the woman below was eying the girl like she meant to disect her insides. The two brutes just looked hungry. As if they knew anything else. The hooded man didn't pay her any more notice, but the eager anticipation seething in the air was so thick Nolan could almost taste it.
\par He knew then just what he had stumbled into. All those years, and he had always suspected the enemy was sure to come for him and the girl one day. He knew their tricks, and the way their minds worked. Knew how to beat them. After all, he had been one of them before the girl.
\par But this ...
\par This was a monster he could not fight. He would never understand the mind of a creature like that. Could not. It was beyond even him.
\par But not Evelyn.
\par "Get out of here," he said right back at the hooded man. The tone of his voice was new. Dangerous. No one on Riftwatch had ever heard him talk like that before. In twenty years he had not talked like that before. To anyone. 
\par "\i Now\i0 ."
\par There had been a time when that would have been enough. The power of the Aetherian arts would have been enough. But not this time. The girl scrunched even deeper against the bulkheads. She wasn't ready yet. And the other man didn't seem to care.
\par "I will take her from you," he threatened again, slow and inexorable.  "You know I will." Like certainty in death.
\par That was his preamble. Simple, as two men who knew the score of the matter at hand. It extended far above and beyond those simple circumstances, though, even if Nolan was the only one who could see it. It was another crossroads, as it had been more than twenty years ago. But there had only ever been the one path. At least for Nolan Weir.
\par "You'll be dead first."
\par Something moved beneath the man's coat.
\par And so did Nolan.
\par Light filled the corridor in an instant. Blinding. His hand caught the girl and shoved her back into the wall. She bounced off into the ground with a pitiful thud. Fire and lightning screamed overhead, eating up all other sound until the whole world around was thunder and burning flesh. Evelyn clapped both hands over her ears and hugged the deck like there was nothing else. And, for a single moment at least, there wasn't.
\par Then Nolan was there again.
\par His hands were on fire. His face was smooth, but his eyes blazed bright with that murderous inferno. First one way, and then the other, aethereal light screamed down the corridor to either end. He rounded on the three behind and lobbed a ball of fire down the stairs. It hit one of the brutes. There was a crack like a whip. Then the whole stair went up in flames, chunks of the beast roaring out of it.
\par The hooded man in the long coat was next. Nolan's other hand leapt up, and lightning flashed. It snapped into the man's chest, lighting him up. He tumbled back over into the wall without a sound.
\par Thunder boomed.
\par He put everything he had and more into those few, ferocious seconds. And the world around them shook for it.
\par Nolan had the girl's arm in his hand then, tearing her back up from the floor. Warning sirens blared red and yellow all around them, and fire-containment gases hissed out of the walls in sharp spurts, dousing the enflamed corridor.
\par "\i Run\i0 ," he growled at her, face still twitching with fiery brilliance. "Go!" 
\par He shouted at her over the storm. Already, he could sense the two still remaining below scrambling up the steps again. The girl stared at him dumbly, wide-eyed and in shock. And he just snatched her dead weight to him, snarling down her neck.
\par "Get off the ship!"
\par The one remaining brute was on them. It loomed out of the smoke and flames with its yellow-fanged maw gaping. Nolan flicked a wrist without a second thought, sending it spinning over backwards in tiny pieces and away. Evelyn started to choke on that gore beside him.
\par He hauled her up again, and shoved her headlong ahead into the corridor. She stumbled wildly past where the hooded man had fallen, leaden limbs flailing, and hit the deck again at the other end. Then she sat there for a long moment, gagging on rent flesh, coppery blood, and all of that mess. 
\par Nolan caught her up behind.
\par "Evelyn! Run!" he shouted again, and she twisted back around. This time, though, it was to freeze up in a new kind of horror. Someone was behind him then. He could feel it in an instant. That hooded monster wearing a man's skin. And the next thing he felt was an arm around his neck with a blade in the small of his back.
\par Nolan looked down in surprise. The tip was wicked, and black. It stuck two feet out in front of him. And it took him the longest time to realize that it was covered in his own blood.
\par He fell. His world narrowed down to fine sights, sounds, and sensations. Still, that roaring rip raged above them all like vicious white noise in the black. He wasn't sure when he hit the deck atop another corpse, but he was sure when he felt the life ebbing inevitably out of him. Someone stepped up behind him again, but he didn't see them. He turned his head aside.
\par And the last thing he saw, as he started bleeding out there on the deck, was the girl. Running as far and as fast as she could. 
\par Away from him.\cf2\f1 
\par }
