{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Garamond;}}
{\colortbl ;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\cf1\lang1033\f0\fs22 
\par I could still see it.
\par Service lights from outside a hole in the ceiling above flashed past. The cabin around was dark - overhead lights torn apart with the chunk out of the roof. It looked like the insides of a tunnel whipping past. The ground underneath was still moving and lurching fast.
\par In my mind's eye, that thing was hanging on top of the cabin outside. Sleek and black with too-smooth, colorless flesh and too-long limbs. Hunched against the metal frame like a parasite. It had cracked the shell with a razor-like maw, and peeled it right back.
\par Air rushed out. More rushed down and whipped up the length of the cabin. People tumbled over each other, screaming out in the dark. I didn't need to see them. I could hear them. Just like that thing whispering inside my head.
\par A gun went off.
\par Firebolts screamed through the air over everything else. They hit that thing perched atop the cabin, hissing into smooth, black flesh. The whispering in my head made a strange, off-key switch at that. Then the thing just dropped down right into the cabin and gave everyone a whole new thing to scream about.
\par "EV!"
\par Someone howled from that surge of stampeding bodies beside me. Tess was lost in there somewhere, crawling and clawing her way along the floor while people fell over and behind her. A few got through, but someone else shut them up then. A light flashed through the dark from ahead in the cabin.
\par "Move!"
\par The tattoed man was shouting at those people still in the way and blocking that light. Some of them ducked aside. Most of them kept going. Bolts of fire started coming regardless, punching holes through the dark toward the back of the cabin.
\par For a long time, I just watched that thing tear anyone unlucky enough to still be at the back of the car apart.
\par Then someone was clawing at my ankle.
\par "COME ON, EV!" Tess shrieked up at me. "SNAP OUT OF IT!"
\par She dragged me away again. Someone hit her from the side, and a stray bolt of fire lit up the man's shoulder. Tess ducked, and scrambled on knees, feet, and free hand ahead into the cabin with that panicked rout of people.
\par They were almost all gone now - vanished in a flurry of desperate screaming into the next car ahead. That thing had finished off most of what was left too. The tattooed man pushed us out of the way.
\par "Get out of here," he said, calm and low over that cacophonous fanfare. It struck a chord in my brain.
\par Dad.
\par But Tess was pulling me away.
\par "Move it!"
\par We got to the end of the cabin, the deck narrowing down into a gangplank between that car and the next. It opened up into the tunnel outside. Tess only caught herself for a second before jumped across to the other side.
\par I looked back. The tattooed man fired at the thing slowly. Deliberately. It stalked down the aisles now in the dark, flickering lights from the tunnel casting its elongated shadow against bolts of fire. It shrugged them off or ignored them, and was on top of the man a second later.
\par One of those limbs stabbed in at him. He turned it aside with a sudden twist of his rifle - followed through, and struck the thing with the stock. A knife appeared in his hands and he stabbed it in the exposed side. One of those limbs came back around and knocked the rifle out of the tattooed man's hand. Another, and they sent him flying clear of his feet. He vanished in the dark.
\par I lost a few steps as that thing rounded on me and Tess, hulking in the flickering lights. The whispering started up anew with a ferver. Tess shouted at me through it, a hand on my arm. She hauled me back into the next car.
\par I dragged. We didn't stop moving all through that cabin and into the next. Not until a door came up fast in our path with everyone else who had escaped on the other side. A few of them hung near the small porthole in the door, wild and desperate faces peeking back through. Tess was pounding on it.
\par "Open up, god damnit!"
\par They shouted something back through that we couldn't hear. A rumpled-looking man with blood leaking down the side of his face just gave us something like the finger. They didn't look like they were going to open it for us. Tess started screaming at the top of her lungs.
\par "LET US IN, YOU FUCKING ASSHOLES!"
\par I turned back around.
\par That thing was in the car behind. I watched it start down the aisles toward us. I slammed the door behind us shut.
\par The deck lurched. The tunnel veered right, and we were stuck outside in between cars. I hit the ground and wrapped my arms around the gangplank. Tess wasn't so lucky. 
\par She tumbled right off.\cf2 
\par }
