{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Garamond;}}
{\colortbl ;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\cf1\lang1033\f0\fs22 
\par "So. What is it - exactly?"
\par Tess pointed at that tower in the distance while we walked. The railway we had left behind quickly enough. Now we were trudging through some industrial yards that reminded me a lot of Dane Fitzpatrick's loading and maintenance bays. Except with a lot more dirt, grass, and open sky.
\par "Hey!" the other woman snapped exhaustedly at the Eluvian man after he ignored her. "You wanna tell me? Okay?"
\par He kept on ignoring her, though, and marching ahead. I wondered if he would ever just fall apart from all that running. I know I was already.
\par "Hey!"
\par Tess shouted after him, half-stomping, half-stumbling, ahead to catch a hold of his arm. He twisted it instantly out of her grip.
\par "Quiet," he growed at her, still moving forward with his eyes darting about. I started to feel a creeping worry up my spine. Tess just kept right at it.
\par "Tell me where you're taking us, and I'll be quiet!" she snapped back.
\par He stopped at that of a sudden, and glanced back at her.
\par "Is that a promise you can keep?"
\par Tess just gave him a dirty look.
\par "I'm not taking \i you\i0  anywhere," he told her, slinking up against the side of one of those buildings with the large, steel doors and peeking around the corner into the road running past. He kept his voice low.
\par "I'm getting off this moon. You're just deadweight dragging behind."
\par "Hey!" Tess poked a finger in his face. "You're the one who told us to stay with you back at the train, ass!"
\par Julian looked at her. Then me behind. And then back to the road.
\par "Not the first mistake I made," was all he said about that. He canted his head, and tightened the grip on his rifle. "Keep up, and keep quiet."
\par Tess started muttering something about shooting him in the ass as we took off into the street after. The Eluvian man kept low, and close to the buildings with his gun ready. I followed his lead, eying those shadows around us that were looking very still and quiet now. "What's wrong?" I whispered up at him, though I had a good idea of what. Riftwatch's loading bays had never been so lifeless.
\par "Nothing?" Tess tossed back at me with a look.
\par Julian ignored her. 
\par "There's no one out here."
\par Tess took a second to process that, glancing quickly about. Then she stopped right where she was.
\par "Do you think the train made it all the way here?"
\par "I'd be surprised if it didn't," the Eluvian man grunted back, crouching down even lower as we came up behind some abandoned crates and huge, open drums.
\par "S-so," Tess choked out, "where is it now?"
\par "Get down, and get up here," Julian snapped at her.
\par He watched the industrial yards ahead of us for a while. Between that and the road, there was a lot of open space to get spotted. And plenty of buildings, abandoned stock, and machines to not. We waited.
\par I waited for something to move. Anything. I wasn't sure what the Eluvian man was looking for exactly. But Tess was the first one to break the silence.
\par "Why don't we-"
\par "Shhh," Julian hushed her instantly. She ducked down and whispered it harshly in his ear instead.
\par "Why don't we get farther away from those rail tracks?" 
\par She stuck a thumb back over her shoulder to where they paralleled the road we were on a row of buildings over.
\par "You know - so we don't end up showing up wherever that thing decided to get off?" she finished up, almost pleading.
\par "Quiet," was all he said.
\par We waited there for another minute while Julian just looked around, not saying anything more to either of us. Whatever he was thinking, though, it couldn't have been good. It was painfully silent, and I tried to hold each breath back from rattling aloud in the stillness. They clouded up in front of my face, and I felt Tess shiver beside me.
\par "Stay here," he told us abruptly, and leapt back up to his feet. Tess tried to go with him, but he waved her back with a firm hand and look. Then he slipped off into the night.
\par "Where the hell is he going?" she whispered back at me as soon as he had vanished from sight between the crease of two buildings across the road. Her eyes were getting wide, and desperate, beneath that bandage on her head. I shook mine.
\par "How should I know?"
\par Another minute. Maybe. We sat there shivering in the dark. The night got cold and we only had our torn and bloodied clothes from Riftwatch.
\par "This is stupid."
\par Tess mumbled again beside me. It was hard to tell how long, waiting there for the faintest sound. Or movement. I kept thinking that if I turned my head too quickly, I might catch that thing suddenly standing right there in front of me. It made it easier to just close my eyes altogether.
\par "You think he's dead?" she breathed aloud. I looked over, and she had slipped a gun into her hand.
\par "What do y- Where did you get that?" I demanded. And she glanced at me in surprise.
\par "Oh, uhhh ... nowhere."
\par "What?"
\par But then it dawned on me.
\par "That's mine."
\par She hedged. "You weren't exactly using it." And didn't look at me. We were still ducked down behind those open drums. Tess had a hand on the rim of one, and she snatched it back in front of her face, squinting in the dark.
\par "Ugh ..."
\par She smeared that hand against a pant leg with a grimace.
\par "Do you even know how to use it?"
\par "Uh, do you?" she snapped right back.
\par I tried to grab it from her, but she yanked it out of reach before I could. 
\par "Hey! Come on!" she growled, and pushed back. "Come on, Eve!"
\par "FOYER!"
\par I had the thing from her - that pistol from Riftwatch Dad had gotten them to give me - all but wrestling her to the ground for it. Then we heard that. Tess' face twisted up.
\par "What th-"
\par It was a man that yelled. Not Julian. I didn't think. But it didn't matter.
\par Bolts of fire suddenly hurtled in at us from everywhere all at once.\cf2 
\par }
