{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil Garamond;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Garamond;}{\f2\fnil Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\cf1\lang1033\f0\fs22 
\par \f1 The crackle and pop of old wood and metal filled the air with bright flashes of smoldering stars around us. I wrapped my arms around my head and collapsed in on myself. Tess scrambled in the dirt, shrieking beside me.
\par I think those crates and barrels came apart. I got a whiff of smoke - then gagged on it. The night lit on fire everywhere around and roared right alongside all that gunfire.
\par Tess tried to run, and tripped. Which was good. Because a flurry of firebolts carried away everything right over her head.
\par I just sat there, heat and fire blasting at me from behind, drenched in a sweat both hot and cold at the same time. Frozen. I don't know how long. Tess scrunched up against the dirt. We both just waited for that sudden maelstrom to finish us off.
\par It didn't.
\par The gunfire stopped, and the world grew quiet again. Those flames still crackled behind, eating up all of those crates and barrels to ash and charred metal.
\par The smoke was suffocating. I pitched forward alongside Tess against the ground, hacking into the dirt.
\par I was laying there for a while before a hand grabbed my shoulder and flipped me over onto my back.
\par Panic.
\par My muscles were gagged, and too slow. I couldn't move quickly enough.
\par It was just Tess.
\par Hunched over and looking like she'd been beaten with a bulkhead. Julian too, with his rifle. I squinted up at him.
\par "Let's move. They came in on a rover."
\par I managed to get back up after another minute. Then stumbled along behind, waving away as much smoke from the blaze our hiding spot had becom now as I could without puking into the dirt. It gave us a good look at the bodies scattered around with bolt-holes punched right through them.
\par "Who the hell were these guys?" I heard Tess cry out, still rattled and about ready to collapse any second. I took another look around at the dark body armor and black face-shields.
\par "Planetary security," Julian grunted back at us. And that caught the other woman up dead in her tracks more than us nearly getting beaten, thrown around, cut apart, and gunned down in the past day or so.
\par "What?" she all but shrieked. "And you just \i killed\i0  them?"
\par "I could have let them kill you instead," he said simply, stepping over to one of the bodies. "Besides." He kicked that one over with a boot. "They're not all dead."
\par The man on the ground came back to life in a violent fit of coughing. Julian reached down with the barrel of his rifle and tapped a button on the back of the other's helmet. It peeled back to the mechanical whirr of scraping and clicking metal plates.
\par "Don't you - don't you \i dare\i0 !" Tess all but pounced on the Eluvian then. He had nudged the barrel back around under the patroller's exposed chin. That one had blood sticking to half his jagged face and couldn't keep from wheezing.
\par Julian glanced at her. Then back down to the man on the ground.
\par "On your feet." At the pink-haired woman's desperate look, he explained, "He's our collateral for getting in."
\par The man climbed unsteadily back up from the dirt, casting a harried look around at his dead companions. He bent in on himself, retching over between his knees.
\par "No, no, no, no, no - " Tess finally said, backing up a few, halting steps. "I can't - I can't do this."
\par She rounded back on me, stumbling.
\par "Come on, Eve. We're getting the hell away from this maniac."
\par She grabbed my arm, trying to pull me away back the way we had come. There wasn't much strength in it, though.
\par "You go back that way," Julian called after - too calm. His voice was just too even, gun trained steady on his new hostage. "And you will never get off this moon."
\par I had a flash of that man back on this ship - stabbing Dad right through the back with that gleaming length of black steel. A sword like they only used those in old vids about centuries ago.
\par Tess was talking, but I squeezed my eyes shut to block it out.
\par "And stay here with a murderer? Pfft! Like that'll get us out of here any quicker. Probably kill us too, a ... and sell our dead bodies or - or something!"
\par "Fine. You do whatever you want."
\par "We will! Come on, Ev. Let's get outta here."
\par My eyes popped back open at that tug on my arm.
\par The Eluvian man had already turned back and started ahead again, herding the patroller along ahead of him. Tess was trying to pull me back the other way. I looked at her. And I bared my teeth.
\par "I'm getting off this moon, Tess," I told her, and then corrected myself. "\i We're\i0  getting off this moon."
\par She stared back with a desperate, forlorn bent to her face. I reversed the grip in an instant. Then I was tugging her along behind me.
\par "What the hell are you doing?"
\par She fought. But she gave up too easily. And then she was just trying to keep up with me trying to keep up with Julian trying to run that security guard into the ground. The Eluvian didn't seem too surprised to find us behind him again. Tess tried grumbling venemously the whole way. But she hardly had the strength for that either.
\par We followed him another half a klick or so. There, he got the patroller talking with the butt of his rifle until the man pointed him towards something that looked like a much less friendly version of that old man's truck with a large gun mounted on the top, hidden away between buildings and storage bins. I saw Tess visibly cringe with each blow Julian sent the guard's way. I had a hard time forgetting him trying to kill us not too long ago.
\par "Get in," Julian snapped at us, tossing himself inside and into the driver's seat without even a glance back. He forced the other man around and into the vehicle at gunpoint. Once he was inside, the Eluvian snatched some tags on a metal chain from around the other's neck in one hand that he turned the ignition with. I saw blood on them.
\par Tess got in with some prodding. 
\par "Keep that sidearm on him," Julian said. It took me a second to realize he was talking to me. And, for all my bluster, my hands shook as I pointed my pistol at the man's head from the rear driver's seat. 
\par \cf2\f2 
\par }
