{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Garamond;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\cf1\lang1033\f0\fs22 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par "Let me remind you, \i cadets\i0 , this academy bears the name of the Roman General Naius Domitius Corbulo. Because \i he\i0  represents honor, valor, allegiance. General Corbulo was to take his own life in the name of the Empire. Corbulo did not hesitate or question. He loyally obeyed, screaming, "Axios!" as he fell upon his own sword. "Axios!" I ... am ... \i worthy\i0 . But I'm afraid, cadets, today you have proven to be anything but. We are at war with insurrectionists - \i terrorists\i0 , who would like nothing more than to see \i all\i0  of us \i dead\i0 . Had this been a real firefight, the rebels would have likely killed every memeber of Hastati Squad ... Every single one of you at this academy was sent here because your parents are the upper echelon of the United Nations Space Command. Because all of \i you\i0  are its future. And I expect you to act like it."
\par 
\par "Let me remind you, cadets," he started, bellowing out so that his voice filled the entire room full to bursting. "That this training program was meant to hone the bodies and minds of the deadliest, most destructive weapons in the DNF arsenal. You \i will\i0  
\par was the fourth and final training exercise before the end of the semester. , I am sorely disappointed with the piss-poor performance that you cadets managed to scrape out of those meatsacks you call bodies. The past eighty-seven days and nights should have given you all you needed to hone those sorry fleshwads \cf2\f1 
\par }
