{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Garamond;}}
{\colortbl ;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\cf1\lang1033\f0\fs22 
\par I opened my eyes again and, this time, there was nothing but open void.
\par The wound was back. I could feel it again, though it barely hurt anymore. I was still stapled together, though, and lying like a corpse on my back. I didn't bother trying to get up this time.
\par I heard voices. Faint, and agitated. The air shifted like it was alive around me, and brought them with it.
\par Something moved. There was a distant light, and I could see rustling in the dark above. The shadows there were alive and teeming, pulsing irregularly out from the black. I felt tears slip down the sides of my face.
\par I felt fully lucid this time. But all I could see in my head was Dad's dead face lying there next to me in the life pod. Tess tried to shove hers in a few times, but I ignored her. She was still alive and safe and didn't belong.
\par I thought I must be dead, and couldn't decide how I felt about that. I could barely care enough to feel anything at all.
\par A chill crept down my spine, though. I felt that sharply in the haze.
\par It wasn't long after that that someone else abruptly pushed into my head then. A man with a tattooed face and exaggeratedly fine features. I had never seen him before. I didn't know him. But a second later, and he was trying to lift me up out of the void. For some reason, he didn't get very far before he gave up on that, though. The next second, and he was slapping my face.
\par "Hey!"
\par His warbled voice sliced right through the haze, and I blinked at him. He kept looking back over his shoulder like he was worried about something, and shouted.
\par "Keep an eye out!"
\par Tess was still there. She came back and ended up arguing with that man about something. Then she was bending over me, trying desperately to pull me up.
\par I was being carried. I watched more earth then I had ever seen in my life flit away beneath the heels of that man's boots as I hung across his back, a hand and ankle each gripped tight and me draped around his neck like a human shawl. I watched small, disorderly plants and shrubbery whip past, wincing involuntarily as he stomped a good lot under his fleeing feet. The air was cold, and black. There were wild, evil-looking trees looming out of the dark to either side.
\par I blinked, but this wasn't like the forest from my dreams. Those trees weren't dead and blackened to lifeless husks. A light flickered wildly ahead - not strong, but enough to see that much. That creeping feel in the back of my skull told me it was exactly like the forest in my dreams, though.
\par I saw it. Moving between the trees. I bounced my head up from the man's back and saw that thing as he charged headlong through the forest away from it. Impossibly long limbs that reached out from wandering pools of shadow to grasp at us. The man's gait was slightly unbalanced, but steady. Still, that thing kept up. Everywhere I looked, it seemed to appear and vanish with a subtle shifting in the dark. I felt it start to whisper inside my head.
\par Tess was there. She cried out in a familiar voice, and I knew it was her. The man slowed for a moment before shouting down at her.
\par "Get up! Keep moving!"
\par I felt the muscles in his arm flex as he reached down to the ground. That whispering suddenly got heavy, pushing down on my skull. I watched the forest come alive through half-lidded eyes and reach out for me from behind. It got a limp strand of matted hair before the man abruptly picked up and tore off again.
\par "Don't stop!"
\par He barked ahead into the night. The only response he got was Tess' hysterical shrieking as she ran wildly ahead of him.
\par They kept on like that forever. No other dreams came to whisk me away like they always did. It was just the jutting feel of a shoulder in my guts, the bounce of feet off the ground, and that whispering inside my head. I couldn't make out a word of it. It hurt in a way I didn't understand to try.
\par Eventually, though, Tess let out an intelligible scream that wasn't from tripping on something in the dirt.
\par "WHAT THE HELL IS THAT?!"
\par The man didn't answer her. I bobbed along on his back, eying the shadowy menace trying to snatch at me from behind in a cold sweat, and he abruptly shifted in a new direction. The thing faded for a few seconds before it found me again. And then it was only a couple steps behind.
\par The forest started to brighten. No lights turned on that I could see. No sun came in to view, like they were supposed to planetside. But something was stabbing its way in through the dark. Subtly, at first. But we started getting closer.
\par "HEY!"
\par Tess yelled out again, but her voice was so hoarse, worn, and empty that no one else could have heard her. She started wheezing frantically instead. Nothing more came out for a while.
\par The forest peeled back. Rocks kicked up with loose dirt underneath Tess and that man's feet. The dark faded away in an instant, cut through by a swathe of blinding light. All of a sudden, the man came skidding to a halt. Someone slapped metal, and called out.
\par "Woah! You folks in some sort of, uh, trouble there?"
\par A new voice. This one was calm, and mature. I didn't see him at first. I never took my eyes from that thing chasing along behind. It vanished with the light like it had never been there at all.
\par "We need," the man carrying me started in a gasping breath, and nearly doubled over. "We need-"
\par He twisted around and swung me down to the ground. My back hit something metal, and my legs gave out in the loose ground underneath. I slipped down until I was slumped against the dirt. I watched my chest heave.
\par "--WE NEED HELP!" Tess finished for him in a desperate shout.
\par "Calm down there, young lady, I can hear you. No need to be shoutin' at an old man who ain't deaf yet."
\par "Nearest ... port ..."
\par The man who had been carrying me collapsed down to his knees right in front of me then. His eyes looked as glazed over as mine, and sweat dripped from every part of him. Another second, and he was face down in the dirt.
\par That old man sighed out loud. He must have been eying the lot of us for a few moments because there was nothing but the sound of all our heavy panting in that blinding light.
\par "Well come on now," he finally said. "Help me get your friends there in the back."
\par He came around in front of me in old, beatup clothes with a red cap on his head and a pipe in his mouth. Tess too, stumbling the whole way like she was about to collapse alongside the man who'd carried me. Between the two of them - mostly the old man - they managed to pick the tattooed one up from the ground and drag him out of sight. When someone came back for me, though, it was only the old man.
\par He looked me over briefly, getting in real close and pulling my head up to give me a curious eye. I couldn't imagine who he was. I had never seen that face before in my life. Strangers in my nightmares. No stranger than the ones from that forest.
\par But he just mumbled, "I think you've got a long way to go yet, girl." And he gave me a little wink.
\par "Come on. Let's get you out of here."
\par }
