{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil Garamond;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Garamond;}{\f2\fnil Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\cf1\lang1033\f0\fs22 
\par \f1 I didn't see Tess or the man again until I had been pushed and shoved all the way around behind them - and then it was only to see that man punch her right in the stomach and take her down.
\par Something snapped at the sight of that. One moment, he was crouching over my best friend and the next I was in front of him, fighting stick in hand. He stopped dead in his tracks and sneered down at me.
\par "Just what do you think you're going to do with that?"
\par I might have hit him. Tear- and blood-stained and trembling all over. I would have, if Tess wasn't suddenly there and pulling me aside. I stumbled halting steps back and had a rush of vertigo where everything around me suddenly felt so sharply more real than it was that it left me struck dumb, cold, and shivering down my spine. The air was chilled, heavy, and stuffing all the empty space around, pushing in and down on everything and everyone. I felt it, and I felt Tess' hand on my arm.
\par It was an eternity then, as we sat in that crowded lobby, waiting. I didn't really know what for, or care. I lost myself in stupid, little fantasies about turning back time to before we'd left Riftwatch.
\par The next thing I knew, Tess had pulled me inside some sort of cabin compartment.
\par It moved. Gears ground along underneath, and the whole thing just jerked forward around us like some sort of ground-ship. There weren't any chairs or harnesses - just some rusted, steel bars looping down from overhead that people grabbed on to. 
\par I looked at Tess for a moment then, and felt like I was seeing her for the first time. Dad was dead. The ship was gone, and I was on some alien planet I didn't even know. I was alone. I \i should\i0  have been alone.
\par What was Tess doing there?
\par I couldn't figure that one out with the way everything seemed to be churning sluggishly around like mud in my brain. Those thoughts got crowded out by flashes of dark corridors filled with butchered meat and screams, and Dad yelling at me while choking up litres of blood. It was too much effort to push them back and just think straight. Everything felt so worn, and \i tired \i0 ...
\par My mouth opened. I would have asked my best friend how she had gotten out there and lost with me, but the whole cabin whipped hard from one side to another as the huge automotive rounded a bend. Tess lost her grip on one of those bars and pitched face-first into the deck. 
\par I fell into the same bar, catching it with a hand and holding on. The rest of me abruptly went limp, as something ripped a small hole wide open in the back of my head and was suddenly roaring in my ears.
\par That whispering was back - \i thundering \i0 this time. It had never really left, but was so quiet before that I could barely make it out. I didn't care to. Now, though ... 
\par Now it drowned out every other thought in my head with a sound so loud it made my ears bleed.
\par I snatched at the sides of my head, but nothing was coming out. It felt like it was. I lost my grip, but kept my feet. Then the sound died off to a low whisper again, but more like someone hanging over my shoulder than from all the way across a room. I looked up toward it.
\par Tess was at my side. She said something, but I didn't hear it. I was too busy listening to the sound in the back of my head.
\par Someone screamed. That broke through, and then Tess was yelling off into the cabin. It lurched, and she jerked away from me. Again, and the lights sputtered and died.
\par I just squeezed my eyes shut.\cf2\f2 
\par }
