{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sl0\slmult1\cf1\lang1033\fs22 384 Char Blurb
\par 
\par "I will take her from you. You know I will."
\par He started toward us. I threw a hand out. Then I threw everything I had into crushing that man into bloody pulp. And ... 
\par ... Nothing happened.
\par The man was immune to psychokinesis. Impossible. But he continued to be so right up until he flicked that black, folding blade back out to full length and drove it right through my stomach.
\par 
\par Chaos threatens the sector beyond the safety of Riftwatch station. The power source for all advanced technology has begun to fail, and an unseen force clawing at the seams of reality starts to break through. As the colonies plunge into the depths of fear and strife, the talentless daughter of Riftwatch's most powerful psychokinetic is suddenly thrust along with them.
\par 
\par 
\par It was supposed to be an unlimited source of clean energy. It was supposed to project the human race out into the stars and beyond. It was supposed to build fleets of ships, colonize planets, give rise to sentient machines, and unlock the hidden powers of the human brain. And so it did.
\par 
\par Until now.
\par 
\par The power source for all advanced technology has begun to fail, while rampant pirates plunder any of it they can find that doesn't. The answer? Military-trained superhuman, psychokinetic warriors with the ability to defeat their enemies using only their minds. But that doesn't solve the problem of why the famed "God's particle" has begun to deteriorate in the first place. An unseen force clawing at the seams of reality might have the answer when it finally breaks through.
\par 
\par Too bad Evelyn Weir is possibly the worst psychic soldier ever to get accepted for training, and has no idea that she is the only one that can stop it.
\par }
