{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sl0\slmult1\cf1\lang1033\fs22 Evelyn Leigh Weir is the daughter of a famous psychokinetic, but manifests no normal abilities. She thinks too much, underestimates herself, and feels generally awkward around other people like she's never measuring up.
\par 
\par Theresa Margaret Caulfield  is the adopted daughter of Bertram Caulfield, and erstwhile/waitress errand girl at his bar. She has an adventurous spirit and loves to poke fun at people and things she sees as too serious. She's flippant about almost everything, a little flakey in regards to commitment, and comes off as less intelligent than she really is. She has a knack for getting into places she shouldn't be. Evelyn's best friend and loyal companion.
\par 
\par Julian "Jules" Solazzo is an ex-military special forces operative and sniper turned vigilante after his wife was murdered by pirates on their honeymoon. He is bluff, impatient with social niceties, and harsh in dealing with what he sees as "softness" in kinder people. He represents a person with no trust for the world after having been so grievously wounded by it. Underneath his bluff exterior is a moral heart that he tries to bury in stark necessities. He is driven by vengeance for his dead wife. He wants to use Evelyn's unknown value to the pirates as a means to hunt down their leaders. A possible love interest for Evelyn or Theresa.
\par 
\par Viktor Sokoloff is a special forces commander in the Dreggoran Navy and adopted son of prominent military industrialist Cezar Sokoloff of Sokoloff Industries. He is striking, handsome, strong, well-spoken, and popular - both with the enlisted and his fellow officers and commanders. He is also cunning, calculated, and completely pursuing his own agendas. People are pieces on a board to him, though he'll never allow them to think that as long as they are useful to him, using his favorite weapons - tact and a disarming smile. A very politically-minded, creature. He wants to capture Evelyn, dead or alive.
\par 
\par Edgar Brennan was a marine sergeant in the Dreggoran Navy who was part of the investigative force sent to the aftermath of the Arclight Disaster. He is no-nonsense, mission-oriented, and an overall good "NCO" - respects authority and carries out orders as well as takes responsibility for his actions and his men. He falls in love with Evelyn's mother after rescuing her during the operation and adopts Evelyn as his own under an assumed identity in the aftermath - Nolan Weir, who is established as her biological parent with the help of the enigmatic Anders. He has no knowledge of his own latent psychokinetic ability.
\par 
\par Dr. Nolan Weir is a retired Rear Admiral and scientific researcher for the Dreggoran Navy that holds an honorary civilian position at the Riftwatch research station. He is the mature version of Edgar Brennan after having manifested one of the strongest psychokinetic talents in Dreggoran space. He has grown absentminded in his all-consuming need to unravel the mysteries of theoretical artificial, dimensional rift creation, the understanding of which he believes to be the key to stopping seemingly "evil" extradimensional forces from finding a way to breach the four-dimensional human existence. Evelyn's mother's death has left him callous and aloof to her and everyone else.
\par 
\par Leigh Weir was Evelyn's mother and Edgar Brennan's love. After the Arclight Disaster, she became increasingly irrational and obsessed with studying and experimenting with the genetically-induced ability to open dimensional rifts, with only her daughter who had been a part of the original Arclight program as a subject after the disaster. She is not remembered very well by Evelyn and there was no love between them. Nolan Weir was absolutely smitten with her despite her madness.
\par 
\par Bertram Quincy Caulfield is the fat, bald and generally likeable owner of a bar on Riftwatch station. He is quick to laugh, quick to joke, and jovial in nature. He has ties to Cryptics, unbeknownst to even Nolan Weir, through which he was charged with caring for Theresa as an orphan recovered from the aftermath of the Arclight Disaster by Anders himself.
\par 
\par Javier Vega is an agent of the Cryptics and husband to Mercedes. He is quiet, soft-spoken, and dutiful. Also protective, he is fiercely devoted to Mercedes, who he loves deeply and acts as a foil to her out-spoken, take-charge personality.
\par 
\par Mercedes Vega is an agent of the Cryptics and wife to Javier. She is opinionated, brash, and domineering. She is also cunning, tactically-minded, and deliberate. She will get straight to the point in a conversation and hates fools, blowhards, and those with no concern for the "common people" or the "greater good". She is an old friend of Nolan Weir's. She acts as a mentor and aunt-like character to Evelyn.
\par }
