{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sl0\slmult1\cf1\lang1033\fs22 Evelyn is doing poorly at the psychokinetics training military academy, having manifested no psychokinetic abilities. She returns home to Riftwatch, only to wake up in one of the station's research towers, which is filled with murdered scientists and flesh-eating monsters, with no memory of how she got there.
\par 
\par Suffering from flashbacks, hallucinations, and hearing voices she doesn't recognize, Evelyn manages to escape the creatures that seem to have slaughtered everyone and, with the help of her father, Dr. Nolan Weir, get back to Riftwatch station where she watches him struck down by one of the intruders. She and Tess escape into a shuttle and evade capture from the attack ships.
\par 
\par Crash-landing on a small moon, Evelyn is injured and has to be saved by Tess. She puts up a distress beacon that gets intercepted by Julian, who tries to use them as bait for several pirate ships he had tracked to the moon. The pirates destroy Julian's ship, but Julian escapes with Evelyn and Tess and they make their way toward a nearby mining station on the surface. At the mining station, several bounty hunters sneak in and attempt to capture Evelyn but are thwarted and killed. They find out that someone put a bounty on her capture - dead or alive, and escape the moon on the hunters' ship.
\par 
\par Arriving at the nearest civilian port, Evelyn attempts to contact Javier and Mercedes Vega, who her father had told her to find once she had escaped. While watching the newsfeeds on the station, they discover that Evelyn has been implicated in the attack on Riftwatch and is wanted by the Dreggoran Navy for questioning. The three attempt to escape again on their stolen ship, but get attacked by more bounty hunters. Station police takes them into custody until Javier and Mercedes arrive and, impersonating officials, manage to get them released.
\par }
