{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sl0\slmult1\cf1\highlight0\lang1033\fs22 Timeline
\par 
\par [2072]
\par 
\par - People's Republic of China (PRC) becomes the hegemonic economic power on Earth.
\par [2073]
\par 
\par - PRC establishes first orbital scientific outpost on Mars (in conjunction with US. and EU aerospace agencies).
\par [2103]
\par 
\par - US joins in permanent political/economic alliance with PRC (due to unifying economic trends and progressive legislature).
\par [2150]
\par 
\par - first permanent colony established on Luna.
\par [2196]
\par 
\par - Terrestrial Union (TU) formed from various Asian (China, Japan, Korea, India, etc.) and North American (U.S., Canada) states.
\par [2198]
\par 
\par - first permanent colony established on Mars (corporate-sponsored emigration from overpopulated regions in the Third World) for mining purposes, primarily, but with the secondary objective of experimenting with terraforming techniques. The long-term goal would be to develop subsistence farming to supplement Earth's population, which has reached approximately 35 billion.
\par [2201]
\par 
\par - first permanent Asteroid Belt mining outpost established on Ceres.
\par [2226]
\par 
\par - first permanent Jovian mining outpost established on Callisto.
\par [2288]
\par 
\par - first permanent Saturnian mining outpost established on Titan.
\par [2310]
\par 
\par - first permanent colony established on Titan (primarily by political outcasts from Eurasia).
\par [2397]
\par 
\par - global terraforming of Luna completed.
\par [2436]
\par 
\par - first permanent Uranunian mining outpost established in the planet's atmosphere. - first permanent Neptunian mining outpost established on Triton.
\par [2438]
\par 
\par - Luna becomes semi-autonomous from T.U. (due to economic prosperity and corporate control of interplanetary shipping lanes).
\par [2452]
\par 
\par - first permanent Neptunian colony established on Triton.
\par [2456]
\par 
\par - first Trans-Neptunian Object (TNO) outposts established to mine Kuiper Belt Objects (KBOs).
\par [2780]
\par 
\par - T.U. troops land on Titan and attempt to seize energy stores. Local forces resist, and defeat the initial invasion. - Start of the Great Solar War.
\par [2788]
\par 
\par - Victory at Ganymede (Outer Systems Alliance). - T.U. recognizes limited sovereignty of O.S.A.'s individual systems. - Treaty of Aeneas (Mars), and end of the Great Solar War.
\par [3031]
\par 
\par - Arclight disaster.
\par [3051]
\par 
\par - Beginning of Arclight.
\par }
